job_description
The Training Department plays a crucial role in connecting our customers to our software. The main purpose of this position is to help our customers make a smooth conversion to the Reynolds and Reynolds system and provide training and customer support throughout the process. You will be responsible for installing and upgrading Reynolds and Reynolds software solutions in all parts of the dealership. When working with the customers, you will not only be a trainer but also a project manager. You will be responsible for coordinating all parts required for the install and making sure that all team members are on the same page in order to successfully convert the software.You will typically be given at least 1 month advance notice about upcoming trips. You will travel both individually and with a team installing and converting our software for customers. This requires excellent presentation and communication skills as you will meet with dealership management to understand the needs for each dealership. Based on these requirements, you will customize the system and train key dealership personnel on how to use the solution. While in the office you will support current customers, prepare for future trips, and conduct follow-ups with recently installed customers.REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree preferred Outgoing, friendly personality Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to travel 80% of the timeTRAINING:Training lasts approximately 4 months and includes department observations, classroom instruction, and on-the-job training with a mentor during travel trips. Classroom instruction includes product training as well as automotive dealership operations. You will focus on one area of the software during your product training and assist experienced representatives with customer set-up and implementation. In addition, you will have the opportunity to see Reynolds’ solutions “in action” by visiting car dealerships that already utilize our solutions on a daily basis.BENEFITS:We strive to offer an environment that provides our associates with the right balance between work and family. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including: Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance 401k with 100% matching up to 6% of compensation Referral bonuses with the opportunity to earn up to $7,000 per hirePaid holidays, vacation and sick days Professional development and training through Reynolds University Discounted membership to local area fitness centersOn-site medical clinic staffed by a Nurse Practitioner Company-sponsored events and sports leagues including: company picnic, softball, volleyball, bowling, and more! Gourmet cafeteria, open for breakfast and lunch, that features a salad bar and a variety of made-to-order cuisine optionsCredit Union membershipOpportunities to participate in charitable endeavors, such as our annual Bike Build for local military families, participation in the Reynolds Associate Foundation, company sponsorship in local charity 5k Run/Walks, and other volunteer opportunities Reynolds and Reynolds promotes a healthy lifestyle by providing a non-smoking environment.Reynolds and Reynolds encourages applicants of all ages and experience to apply, as we do not discriminate on the basis of age.
Hiring! Immediate openings for Customer Support Specialists for a world renowned technology company in the San Antonio, TX area. These are inbound technical support positions. Hours of operation for the center are 6am-11pm.Pay rate is $12.50. We want your excellent customer service skills for a company that built its reputation on customer service! You'll have the opportunity to support the hottest technology in the marketplace! If you have a passion for customer service along with trouble shooting experience you are encouraged to apply!Volt Offers: Competitive Wages, Benefits and Flexible Schedules. We offer a relaxed and fun environment while learning about the latest products in technology. This is your opportunity to get your foot in the door, but don't stop there....We offer opportunities for advancement; Volt promotes from within!! Bring your most updated resume to 3300 Sidney Brooks Rd. Bldg. 532, San Antonio, TX 78235. Unable to come in person? Call 210-338-7604. Dress for interview and bring a friend! Walk-ins are always welcome. Why? Because you deserve a job you love!!Volt is an Equal Opportunity EmployerVolt has 60 years of experience and is a leader in the staffing industry.Applicants must be at least 18 years of age;High School Diploma/GED;Type at least 25 wpm; pass customer assessments;Candidates must be able to work a full-time position;Employment offer is contingent upon successful completion of pre-screening eligibility requirements.
Service company needs strong CSR with excellent communication skills to work with a team of 4 CSR's handling inbound calls servicing the sales team and clients.  Must be reliable and responsible, have proficient MS Office skills and be able to multi task.  Degreed preferred but not required.  Great stable environment with growth potential and excellent benefits including 100% employee health paid. Hours are 8-5 M-F.   Local candidates only!
The Customer Service Representative (CSR) is responsible for growing sales by partnering with other franchise staff to provide outstanding customer service to all TWO MEN AND A TRUCK® customers through in-depth knowledge of company products and services.  Job ResponsibilitiesActs as the first point of contact for new and existing customers to establish a rapport and build confidence in TWO MEN AND A TRUCK® servicesAsks open-ended, probing questions to determine customer requirements and expectationsDirectly and accurately inputs information in to “Movers Who Care®” software to estimate cost for customers, as well as scheduling needs for movers, drivers and trucksMakes recommendations according to customer's needs on moving services, boxes, supplies and equipment and other value-added services; may recommend alternate services and/or products based on cost, availability or customer specificationsEducates customer on terminology, policies and procedures, anticipated delays and any additional information needed to increase customer satisfaction and improve profitabilityComplies with federal, state, and local legal requirements when scheduling moving services and staffContinually maintains thorough understanding of all company products, services, pricing and promotions in order to communicate the benefits and value of TWO MEN AND A TRUCK® and effectively oppose any customer objectionsPrepares all move-related paperwork and documents on a daily basisObtains customer feedback through regular follow-up calls, both during and after moves to ensure ongoing customer satisfaction and proactively resolve any complaintsCalmly and professionally handles displeased customers and provides timely feedback to management regarding customer concernsMay assist management with scheduling and tracking of movers and drivers in accordance with move requirementsMay prepare various reports for management as well as gather research and statisticsMay prepare proposals, letters, mass mailings, and other miscellaneous correspondenceThis is a part time position. Weekday and weekend shifts are available. Employees will be allowed to choose hours and days they prefer to work. Available hours range from 10am - 9pm.Other customer service-related activities, as deemed appropriate by the Customer Service Team Lead Education/Experience:High school diploma or general education degree (GED) is required.  Associates degree in related field preferredA minimum of six months to one year of customer service and/or office experience is required;  Outside or inbound sales and/or TWO MEN AND A TRUCK® or moving industry experience is preferred   Skills/Knowledge/Abilities (SKA) Required:Excellent customer service skills (friendly, courteous and helpful)Effective listening and communication skillsGood grammar, voice and dictionGood organizational and time management skillsAbility to analyze and solve problems effectivelyAccurate; consistent attention to detailDemonstrated understanding and application of effective selling strategies and techniquesConfidence to initiate customer contact, and comfortable asking for the saleStrong team player who works productively with a wide range of people and personalitiesComfortable in a fast-paced environment; able to adapt quickly to changing prioritiesBasic computer and keyboarding skillsAble to perform basic business mathAble to present a professional image at all times to customers and vendorsDemonstrated integrity, ethical standards, and commitment to TWO MEN AND A TRUCK® Core ValuesBilingual is a plus Working Conditions:Work is generally performed in an office setting with no unusual hazards.  Travel is minimal, but may be required for training purposes.
Our client, a Leader in the Call Center Business partnering up with Fortune 500 and government agencies because of continued growth is looking for Inbound Customer Service Reps to join their dynamic team.Job Summary: As an In-bound Customer Service Representative you will be required to provide excellent customer service and technical assistance for leading consumer electronics companies. This position requires an individual who has demonstrated success in working independently (with minimal supervision) and working as a productive member of a team. Representatives will be required to have strong communication skills and the ability to establish strong customer rapport. Responsibilities include providing quality customer service while demonstrating the ability to accurately troubleshoot and diagnose customer questions and concerns. Customer inquiries will range from basic to complex technical issues. Providing resolution to these inquiries requires research and analysis of consumer products and services. Skills required:• 1+ years of customer service experience, call center experience although highly desirable is not required• High school diploma or GED• Excellent communication and interpersonal skills• Good knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook)• Willingness to work shift hoursExcellent Benefits including Health, Dental and Vision, Life Insurance, Short term/long term disability, 401k with a MATCH, PTO, paid holidays, Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Training, a rewards program and much more! You must be authorized to work in the US for any employer
Account Managers- Customer Service Representatives will be the point of contact for the customer throughout their moving services. You will notify customers of their pickup/delivery dates and any additional information pertaining to their move. You will also handle customer concerns and complaints in a professional manner. The customer will contact you directly with any questions or concerns they may have.  Must have excellent writing and communication skills.  RequirementsPrior experience in dealing with existing customers. Building a client relationship in customer retention and handling ongoing issues. Experience handling escalated calls Must have at least 3 plus years in a call center environment  Must be able to process 100-150 calls per day Must be computer literate Ability to multi-task as well as handle multiple customer's issues at a time Ability to diffuse escalated customer situations through high level problem solvingGreat time management and organizational skills Bilingual preferred  Our Benefits include: Weekly paychecks Direct deposit  Promotion from within Medical, dental and vision insurance Paid Holidays  Paid Personal Days, Sick Days and Vacation time Corporate discounted plans  Call center environment Monday - Friday 10:15am to 7:15pm Saturday- Every Other 12pm-5pm Pay: $12hr + Bonus
Title Assistant Store Manager - Retail Sales / Customer Service Auto req ID 5842BR City Houston State Texas Job Category Sales Employment Status Full-Time Job Description Love retail sales, but hate working holidays? Passionate about Customer Service, but hate working odd hours? At Extra Space Storage we offer the best of both worlds! Great retail sales environment without the retail hours! At Extra Space Storage we are the best at getting better and we need engaged employees to join our team as we continue to experience amazing growth. OverviewIs your enthusiasm and passion for helping people contagious?  Why not bring them to a new workplace where you can really make your mark? If you enjoy working with other highly engaged people, a culture that embraces innovation, delivering world class customer service, and the opportunity to grow your career – then Extra Space Storage is the place for you!At Extra Space Storage, the Assistant Manager is critical in creating a welcoming environment, creating the cleanest locations in the industry, and identifying customer needs and exceeding their expectations. Extra Space Storage seeks employees that have entrepreneurial, pro-active, positive attitudes, adaptability to change, and integrity. If you possess these qualities and want to join a dynamic, growing organization, then we are excited to hear from you!Benefits A dynamic growing company Competitive pay and benefits A rewarding work environment Opportunity for advancement Great company culture External Requirements Qualifications Successful candidates come from a variety of environments including retail sales, restaurant, sales associate, and other customer-centered selling roles Energetic, outgoing, customer oriented personality A High School diploma /GED equivalent.  College education a plus Ability to perform light maintenance including: changing light bulbs, and removing debris from storage units Minimum one year Customer Service and/or Sales experience Valid driver’s license with access to reliable transportation Willingness to travel to multiple retail locations External Responsibilities Responsibilities As an Assistant Manager you’ll work alongside your team to maximize sales objectives with each prospective customer via the phone, web or in person at your location. Our team members consistently practice exceptional customer service by welcoming future and current customers in a friendly, enthusiastic and professional manner. Assistant Managers work with customers to identify their needs and provide solutions that will add value to their storage experience. It is retail, so you will get the chance to sell/upsell high quality retail merchandise such as boxes, locks, tape and other moving supplies. Our team members enjoy working outdoors. When not taking care of customers in the office, our Assistant Managers spend approximately 50% of their time walking and tending to the property to ensure the facility is kept to the highest of cleanliness standards. This includes cleaning units, sweeping, mopping, changing light bulbs and other general maintenance duties. Successful Assistant Managers need to be able to perform at a high level without constant supervision, but also thrives in a team environment. Salary Range $10.91-$14.73
Are you customer focused, resourceful and looking to start your career with a leading provider of automotive retailing solutions, then consider joining our team! Reynolds and Reynolds, one of the top providers of premium integrated computer solutions for automobile dealerships, is seeking Customer Consultants to join our growing team of professionals. The position is primarily focused on providing on-site consulting support to approximately 50-70 automotive dealerships within an assigned region.  Paid Training! This position will begin with an intensive four to five month paid training program designed to teach you our solutions and give you the skills needed to be successful in this entry level role. If you meet our background requirements and are looking to launch your career with a great company that rewards hard work and success, this is the ideal opportunity for you!JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: As a Customer Consultant, you will be responsible for providing high level customer support at the automotive dealership location. Functioning as a consultant, you will be responsible for providing excellent support for our products and ensuring that our customers are using the software that they purchased to their full potential.  Customer Consultants work from a home office and will be provided a company car, iPhone, iPad, laptop and printer-scanner-copier equipment. This role will begin with an intensive 4-5 month paid training program located at our office in Houston, TX. Trainees will be provided a furnished corporate apartment during the training period, as well as periodic trips home. Training for this role will consist of:·      Classroom instruction and online courses consisting of in-depth product training on our Dealership Retail Management System and overall dealership operations ·      Mentor partnering to train in the field where you can apply your classroom knowledge in a real-world settingJOB REQUIREMENTS:·      Bachelor’s Degree·      Must be a self-starter with good time management skills ·      Strong written and verbal communication skills·      Excellent customer service and organizational skills·      Ability to build strong customer relationships·      Ability to travel between 15-30% of the time overnight depending on assigned territoryBENEFITS:We strive to offer an environment that provides our associates with the right balance between work and family. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including: ·      Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance ·      401(k) with up to 6% matching ·      Company car for business and personal use ·      Working remotely with a  company cell phone, laptop, and other provided home office equipment ·      Professional development and training ·      Promotion from within ·      Paid vacation and sick days ·      Eight paid holidays ·      Referral bonuses ·      Associate discounts for cell phones, cars, computers, entertainment, and much moreReynolds and Reynolds encourages applicants of all ages and experience to apply, as we do not discriminate on the basis of age.
Our client located in Anaheim, CA. is currently seeking experience Non-Retail Customer Service/Account Service Representative for their growing Manufacturing company. This position requires previous experience in a Manufacturing or Distribution environment inside a Customer Service Department working with wholesale customers and accounts, corresponding with Production Managers estimating lead times and shipment dates, along with customer and client follow-up. Please review the job duties below. Responsibilities:Professionally handle incoming requests from internal and external customers and ensure that issues are resolved both promptly and thoroughly.Provide unique service to each individual customer, which may include, but is not limited to opening quotes, creating sales orders, invoicing, parts requisition, hazardous materials documentation, Customs Declaration documents and assuring the customer's parts ship in a timely manner.Provide daily reports per customer's requirements.Support sales staff by providing sales data, market trends, forecasts, account analyses, new product information; relaying customer services requests.Assist in the preparation of customer proposals and the coordination of bids.Accurately interpret terms of sales contracts.Evaluate and monitor contract performance to determine need for changes and to ensure compliance with contractual obligations.Communicate and coordinate workflow with internal departments to meet customer deadlines.Initiate and/or implement corrective action as needed in order to ensure that an excellent standard of service and a high level of customer satisfaction are maintained.Coordinate the handling of difficult and/or unusual situations.Prepare customer service summary reports.Perform proactive calls to customers to review service performance and to develop and or recommend service resolution plans and potential opportunities.Continuously evaluate and identify opportunities to drive process improvements that positively impact the customer's experience.Complete project and administrative work performing clerical functions such as preparing correspondence, receiving visitors, arranging conference calls, and scheduling meetings. Experience and Education: Education: Equivalent to High School Diploma or G.E.D.Experience: 3 to 5 years client service experience in an operations environment.Administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology.Knowledge of products and marketKnowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction.Able to multi-task and take on several roles when needed.Strong attention to detail and accuracy.Good time management skills and ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.Proficient computer skills, specifically in excel, word processing, and ERP softwareStrong communication skills, both written and verbal.Good problem solving ability.Strong focus on Value creation.Vision and hearing correctable to within normal range.
At American Family Insurance, we're firmly committed to inspiring dreamers and helping them discover, pursue, and protect their dreams. Located throughout our 19 operating states, American Family’s agents serve as local, expert, and trusted advisors to our customers. Our agencies are prospering and always looking for dedicated individuals to join their operations teams. Our agents are seeking Insurance Customer Service Representatives who are licensed in Property and Casualty to join American Family agencies across the U.S. You will receive training and support as you handle a full scope of responsibilities, including customer relations, sales and marketing, and agency office operations. Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Customer Service Representative – Agency Sales Support  Job Responsibilities As an Insurance Sales Assistant, you will provide customer service to existing clients by answering insurance related questions. You will answer questions from prospective customers and will attempt to sell them our products. You will perform basic data entry, including entering leads, pulling motor vehicle and claims reports, entering new applications, and submitting changes on existing policies. Other responsibilities of the Customer Service role include: 1.        Coordinating agency prospecting through direct mail, company prospecting program, and Personal Insurance Reviews 2.        Understanding products, procedures and best practices for promoting policy growth3.        Achieving individual production goals as established by agent 1.     Discussing product offerings with current and potential customers 2.     Maintaining high customer service standards to attract and retain customers 3.     Advising customer of claims and billing policies and procedures as needed 4.     Responding to inquiries, issues, and complaints 1.        Administering office practices and procedures 2.        Maintaining information in the agency's customer database for future follow up 3.        Managing agency correspondence as required 4.        Continuing to maintain and develop knowledge of American Family products and services5.        Supporting efforts to increase agent business  Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Representative – Agency Sales Support  Job Requirements As an Insurance Sales Assistant, you must be highly motivated, organized, positive, and able to work well in a super-fast paced and challenging environment. You must be able to multitask and deal with high volume sales and customer support. Our agents are seeking candidates who thrive in an exciting environment and are always willing and ready to learn something new every day.  Other requirements of the Customer Service role include: 1.     High school diploma or equivalent certification2.     Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience, a plus3.     Must be able to obtain a Property & Casualty Insurance License.  This will be paid by the agency.4.     Willing to obtain Life & Health in order to continue employment with the agency 5.     Previous telemarketing, sales, customer service, retail, or related experience 6.     Prior Insurance Sales and Customer Service experience, a plus1.     Bilingual language skills, a plus2.     Outstanding sales, business development, and relationship building skills 3.     Data entry and typing skills4.     Basic Computer skills5.     Experience with Windows-based computer applications, a plus6.     Ability to learn American Family products, services, and computer systems 7.     Acceptable driving record  Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Customer Service Representative – Agency Sales Support   Compensation $16-20 per hour depending on the level of experience.  After three months of employment there is an opportunity to earn additional bonus of $2,000 - $5,000 per year.  One week of paid vacation the first year of employment; will be increased to two weeks after one year of service.  No health benefits are provided. About Us Since our start in 1927, offering auto insurance to farmers in rural communities, American Family Mutual Insurance Company has grown to be one of the nation's largest providers of property/casualty insurance. It's easy for large companies to forget their roots, but we haven't. We've stayed focused on providing personal service, just like our founders. Our caring agents strive hard to meet our customers' unique needs by offering just the right mix of American Family's auto, home, life, umbrella, business, health, and farm & ranch insurance as well as retirement products.  Join an award winning network of opportunity!Apply today!  
Entry Level Sales & Customer Service 1101 Marketing has an immediate need for Sales & Customer Service Representatives to join our growing team. We offer a competitive compensation package, excellent benefits and room for advancement!We are a rapidly-growing promotional marketing company, applying a customer-friendly, direct, results-driven approach to our marketing research and sales. Because of our proven success and expertise, we continue to obtain new clientele as we dramatically increase our clients' product exposure, sales and brand recognition. Sales and Customer Service Representatives should be comfortable with face to face sales with customers. Availability includes:Advertising & Brand ExposureMarketing & Account SatisfactionPublic  Relations AssociatesAssistant Management What 1101 Marketing has for you:Rapid growth and advancementCompetitive compensationSales and marketing experienceEnergetic and goal oriented team environmentTravel ExperienceRequirementsResponsibilities in this program include:Sales/MarketingTeam LeadershipSales TrainingMarketing Strategies and Sales TechniquesOversee Campaign DevelopmentManage Customer Service, Administration, and Sales People We provide full training for the right candidates. This position is paid on a combination of base, commission, and bonuses. No door to door sales or telemarketing are involved. Submit resume to careers@1101marketing.com [Twitter][Facebook][Google+][LinkedIn][1101 Marketing]Candidates with the following interests should apply: sales, inside sales, sales management, sales manager, account sales, strategic sales, field sales, promotional sales, entry level sales, sales training, account manager, sales closing, sales commission, marketing, marketing communications, marketing management, entry level marketing, marketing training, product marketing, direct marketing, promotional marketing, marketing campaigns
Sales Management TraineeLooking to use your skills with an industry leader? In the Enterprise Management Training Program, you can use those talents on a daily basis as you interact and do business with customers and business partners alike. You’ll also be taught how to lead a sales team, be responsible for P&L, and develop a plan to grow the business – all while honing your management, customer service and communication skills. You’ll have real responsibility from day one in all aspects of the business. And with our performance-based promotions, you’ll have real opportunity as well. Join the company that has repeatedly been recognized as a great place to launch a career. This is where it all starts.Entry-Level Sales Management Training Program Opportunities at EnterpriseThe chance to run your own business and share in the profits you help createHighly marketable skills and training in business, management, marketing, sales and serviceRapid promotion based on performanceA fun, team-oriented work environmentDuring your first year, you'll learn valuable business skills from capable mentors who were once in your shoes. Nearly 100% of all our managers and corporate executives started out as Management Trainees and helped define their own career path that took them to where they are today. Day-to-day responsibilities include actively participating in everything from sales, marketing and customer service to operations and finance. As you progress, you’ll be evaluated every step of the way. And upon successful completion, you can expect rewards, pay increases and the opportunity for continued promotions. Thanks to our entrepreneurial philosophy, there’s absolutely nothing holding you back. Your own initiative and capabilities, coupled with your ability to think on your feet and market effectively, will dictate how fast you advance.Qualifications include: Must be at least 18 years oldBachelor's degree with a minimum of 6 months experience in at least two of the following areas:SalesCustomer ServiceLeadership/ManagementMust have a valid driver's license with no more than two moving violations and/or at fault accidents in the past 3 yearsNo DUI/DWI conviction on record in the past 5 yearsMust be authorized to work in the United States and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the futureEqual Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled
Do you have experience in the RESTAURANT, RETAIL or HOSPITALITY industry and are looking for a CAREER rather than just a job?The Job Window is hiring a Marketing & Customer Service Assistant on behalf of our progressive marketing client in the Las Vegas area. This firm is looking to build its organization around a high-energy, hardworking individual with excellent customer service and communication skills. This firm respects the high level of people skills and hard work it requires to succeed in the customer service industry and they are looking for that experience to aid in servicing clients through creative marketing and promotional solutions.No more shift hours or doubles! No more relying on the tips that people give you!Our client is the leading marketing and advertising firm in Las Vegas. They work with clients from leading industries across the country with a strong focus in the promotional marketing industry! This firm has an internal training program where they create the next generation of branch managers from within! Our client is in immediate need of a Marketing & Customer Service Assistant who is passionate about sales & marketing, advertising, special events, and promotions to help manage new campaigns and acquire new clients.Responsibilities:Interact with consumers and represent some of the nation's largest clients to promote products and create a positive brand experience.Proactively identify new customer service techniques to increase brand loyalty and increased profit.Demonstrate key features of products on behalf of a large portfolio of consumer accounts.Collaborate with Client Relations Manager to support marketing campaign objectives.Complete subscription transaction paperwork to initiate or update any customer subscription setups, changes, etc.The Marketing & Customer Service Assistant should be a highly personable, ambitious, and proactive leader looking to excel within an entrepreneurial environment. Extensive training and full support of the management staff is provided. This is a career path that will require a high level of dedication and commitment from the candidate, and in return will result in great experience, accomplishments, and financial freedom!RequirementsStop working double shifts and start working for a company that offers:Advancement opportunities from entry level into human resources, management and consulting.Fun & exciting team environment.Full paid training.Fun company events and opportunity for travel.Qualifications:1-2 years’ experience in customer service, retail, restaurant/food service, sales, hospitality, and other customer service associated environments providing front-line, interactive customer support preferred.Understanding of customer service and promotional fundamentals including product positioning, pricing, market research, and distribution preferred.A positive and cheerful attitude towards customers and their requests.An ability to clearly communicate with other team members.Well organized with a high attention to detail.If you're tired of rotating shifts, no growth, or "Last Call" hours... Let this firm be your answer! For immediate consideration, submit your resume by hitting the APPLY button! Thank you for your interest and good luck!
Report this job About the Job CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE Mediserve Medical Equipment of Knoxville seeks a Customer Service Rep to join us. Selected candidate Serving as the initial contact to customers/referrals, the selected candidate will process necessary information for qualification/insurance requirements and convey this information to MST/RT's. Experience is not necessary, training provided. To apply visit: www.mshjobtour.com EOE Posting provided by: Report
Security Officer/Customer Service - Columbus, NE 3720BR Nebraska 800-823-8828 Job Description WHELAN SECURITY IS NOW HIRING We are searching for bright and talented professionals to join our world-class security team! Our security positions are ideal for: Former, transitioning and military reserve personnel Former and future law enforcement officers Hospitality and customer service professionals College students Retirees Qualifications Successful candidates must meet the following requirements: Legally authorized to work in the United States At least 21 years of age or older as required by applicable law or contractual requirements Demonstrate a stable work history Pass an extensive background screening which includes, but is not limited to, criminal background checks (local, state and federal), drug test, aptitude tests, skills assessment, interviews, and personality profile (behavioral assessment) Education Candidates must meet the following educational requirements: Possess at least a high school education or equivalent (GED) Apply Now! If you have an interest in joining a leader in the contract security industry and would like to work at one or more of our outstanding client locations in the Columbus area – APPLY NOW! Click “Apply” to begin the application process immediately; For more information, you can also call us at (800) 823-8828. Not convinced?   Listen to what our team members have to say! At Whelan, we value people and we value relationships.Extraordinary people work at Whelan – are you one? Columbus, NE 68601
Security Officer/Customer Service - Cedar Rapids ($10.60-$11/HR) 3648BR Iowa (800) 823-8828 Job Description WHELAN SECURITY IS NOW HIRING We are searching for bright and talented professionals to join our world-class security team! Our security positions are ideal for: Former, transitioning and military reserve personnel Former and future law enforcement officers Hospitality and customer service professionals College students Retirees Qualifications Successful candidates must meet the following requirements: Legally authorized to work in the United States At least 21 years of age or older as required by applicable law or contractual requirements Demonstrate a stable work history Pass an extensive background screening which includes, but is not limited to, criminal background checks (local, state and federal), drug test, aptitude tests, skills assessment, interviews, and personality profile (behavioral assessment) Ability to obtain an Iowa State Security License Education Candidates must meet the following educational requirements: Possess at least a high school education or equivalent (GED) Apply Now! If you have an interest in joining a leader in the contract security industry and would like to work at one or more of our outstanding client locations in the Cedar Rapids area – APPLY NOW! Click “Apply” to begin the application process immediately.  For more information, you can also call us at (800) 823-8828. Not convinced?   Listen to what our team members have to say! At Whelan, we value people and we value relationships.Extraordinary people work at Whelan – are you one? Cedar Rapids, IA 52401
   Position:Scheduler Job Description: Assist professionals in the financial industry by calling reps, scheduling appointments, and entering meetings into a secure calendaring system.This is a Part-Time employment position, working from home, requiring availability Monday through Friday, during regular business hours.We hire only in the following states:  AZ, CA, CO, FL, GA, ID, IL, IN, KS, MA, MI, MO, MN, NV, NJ, NY, NC, OH, SC, TX.  REQUIRED: Excellent customer service skillsStrong interpersonal skills and communication Ability to maintain confidentiality Strong attention to detail Strong organizational skillsAbility to multitaskPositive phone presence Professionalism High School diploma or equivalentBasic computer skills Proficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Excel, etc) Proficient typing skills (minimum 35 works per minute) Proficient in mapping tools (googlemaps, etc) and determining drive time Home office environment set-up (personal computer running Windows 7 or higher (Macs are not acceptable), high speed internet, router, current anti-virus software, quiet environment) Dual MonitorsSelf-motivation and initiative Teachability and adaptabilityAbility to be a team playerRECOMMENDED: Prior office experience Experience using Act by Sage, Goldmine, Salesforce, Pivotal, or Ciebol  
RESPONSIBILITIES:Kforce has a client seeking an Optical and IP Customer Support Engineer in Richardson, Texas (TX).Optical Technology refresh with new IP+ Optical platforms, below are some examples: New Optical platforms such as NCS4K, is launching in April 2015 This platform actually brings Optical + IP customers on one single platforms and introduces Optical SDN controller NCS1K(ROSCO) solution is already launch and many of our Data Centers are buying this solution to provide Datacenter Transport InterconnectRole & Responsibilities: Provide second/third level technical support for Optical and Data/IP technologies to Cisco customers, partners, account teams, and other TAC Engineers Apply analytical skills and technical knowledge to solve product and network problems of moderate to high complexity Act as a technical expert and provide support on a world-wide basis Work on problems of diverse scope where analysis requires evaluation of identifiable factors Provide technology/product/troubleshooting training and intellectual property material as required Act as focal point for large account network problem resolution Submit complete and correct defect reports in area of expertise Interact across TAC teams and development teams at peer level Receive minimal supervision, no instruction on routine work, and general instruction on new assignments Report to Manager, Technical Support Typically interface with lower level CSE's, VARs, OEMs, Service Providers, end-users & internal engineering departmentsREQUIREMENTS: BS in CS or EE or equivalent, or 4-7 years' experience related to the position 2+ years with one or more Optical skills (SONET, DWDM, OC, SDH, ML, MSTP, etc.) 2+ years working knowledge of Networking industry, products and protocols Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing Ability to determine problems and deliver known solutions Ability to determine root cause and resolution for previously unknown problems Ability to work effectively with and provide guidance to other members of the workgroup Effectively utilize moderate to complex lab setups to recreate and solve problems Experience with handling critical customer issues/problems Working with cross-functional teams Presentation skills Previous Customer Support experience Database experience (Oracle, SQL, Sybase) Unix experience CCOS certification (either SONET or SDH) CCNA, CCNP or higher networking certification
RESTAURANT/ BAR / RETAIL / CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE WANTED!Marketing/Advertising/SalesOur Customer Relations and Customer Service Management Training program is recognized as one of the best in the marketing & advertising industry!If you have great people skills and enjoy working with the public, we want to meet you!We have full-time Customer Relations Representative and Customer Relationship Manager Trainee openings available for career minded individuals with unbeatable people skills. This is an entry level opening NOT in a call center environment. If you have restaurant, bar, or retail experience then we want to hear from you!Servicing retail giants with a smile and a handshake is why our company has enjoyed unprecedented growth this year. We pride ourselves on developing and executing unique, and personable advertising campaigns focusing on customer acquisition for our clients.JOB REQUIREMENTSWe have committed to expanding our Denver office to 3 new locations that our clients are expanding to this year; therefore, we must start talent scouting right away for managers, assistant managers, and promotional representatives for those offices. Each opening is Entry Level which means NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED! Each opening is highly competitive. We look for 4 critical attributes each candidate must possess:· Above average people skills· Excellent student mentality· Winning attitude· Great work ethic and ambitionWe offer personal, hands-on training tailored to each individual’s strengths and weaknesses. We also offer promotions and compensation based on each person's merit and achievements, NOT seniority. If you're tired of rotating shifts, making minimum wage, no growth, or "Last Call" hours... Let us be your answer!BENEFITS*High Income Potential*Flexible Schedule*Part-Time and Full Time Hours Available*Exciting Work Environment*Unlimited Growth Potential*Stability and SecurityAPPLY NOW!!For immediate consideration please send resume today!NOTE: This is NOT a position in a restaurant; we are looking forpeople with a high level of customer service experience such as thosewith restaurant experience.    Candidates with interest in the following industries should apply: marketing, sales, entry level marketing, marketing management, director of sales, director of sales promos, director of sales promotions, distribution sales manager, district sales manager, field rep, field representative, field sales engineer, floor supervisor, independent consultant, inside sales, inside sales rep, inside sales representative, international sales account manager, internet sales manager, major, account exec, major account executive, major account manager, major account rep, major, account representative, manufacturers rep, manufacturer’s representative, market research, marketing, medical sales, merchandise manager, national account manager, national sales manager, national sales rep, national sales representative, point of sale supervisor, product sales manager, quote clerk, regional sales manager, sales & marketing, sales & marketing admin, sales & marketing administrator. sales & marketing director, sales & marketing manager, sales account manager, sales administrator, sales analyst, sales and marketing, sales and marketing admin
Customer Service RepresentativeOur client located in the North Dallas area is looking to add on Customer Service Representatives on a contract to possible hire basis. Company Profile:Buys and sells used heavy equipment, trucks, trailers, marine and mining/quarry equipment all over the world. Features and Benefits while On Contract:Look beyond your average Staffing Firm and enjoy outstanding benefits from DAY 1!Enroll right away and avoid the ACA Individual Mandate PenaltyOpt in to receive coverage of medical, dental, and vision insurance.Access to short-term disability and life insurance Benefits are open to you the employee, your dependents, and/or your spouseFeatures and Benefits of Client:Team EnvironmentFamily AtmosphereOpportunity to growCustomer Service Representative Role:The Customer Service Representatives will contact vendors in our database to inquire about their interest in selling heavy equipment, trucks, trailers, marine, and mining equipment within the construction industry. YOU WILL NOT BE SELLING ANYTHING! Outbound calls to people from all over the United StatesCustomer Service skills are a large and critical part of this positionWork directly with our sales team in developing relationships nationwide and assisting in the purchasing aspect of our businessCustomer Service Representative Background Profile:High School Diploma or Equivalent RequiredSome College preferred but not a mustMust have "Customer Service" experience Must have desire to interact and develop relationships with others over the phoneMust have excellent verbal and written communication skillsMust have desire to learn the industry, be hard working and dependableMust be computer literate, ability to multi-task with excellent organizational skillsPlease visit us at  https://www.frontlinesourcegroup.com/dallas.html https://www.frontlinesourcegroup.com/customer-service.html Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/V/D.  Candidates must have authorization to work in the U.S.  Clients will not sponsor visas.Frontline Source Group specializes in matching top talent with companies for direct hire, contract, contract-to-hire, temporary, and temp to hire placements in Accounting, Finance, Information Technology/ IT, Human Resources, Administrative, Executive Assistant, Customer Service, Healthcare, Engineering, and Oil & Gas. We work with clients and candidates in all areas of the United States and have offices throughout Texas (Arlington, Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth, Frisco, Houston – Downtown, Houston – Galleria, Houston – West, Irving, Katy, Lewisville, Plano, Richardson, San Antonio, Sugar Land, and The Woodlands), Tennessee (Nashville and Brentwood), Arizona (Phoenix and Scottsdale), Oklahoma (Oklahoma City), and Colorado (Denver and Denver DTC).
CenturyLink (NYSE: CTL) is a global communications, hosting, cloud and IT services company enabling millions of customers to transform their businesses and their lives through innovative technology solutions. CenturyLink offers network and data systems management, Big Data analytics and IT consulting, and operates more than 55 data centers in North America, Europe and Asia. The company provides broadband, voice, video, data and managed services over a robust 250,000-route-mile U.S. fiber network and a 300,000-route-mile international transport network.Function: 911 Installation and Maintenance Work Location: Flagstaff, AZPrimary duties:Installation and maintenance of 911 equipment and services.Works with vendors (Intrado, Airbus) and inter-company departments (CPE, Global Markets, 911 billing and alarm center).Works with regulatory agencies, PSAP’s (Public Safety Answering Points ) government offices and sales account teams and inter company departments. Inventorying crash kits.Participates in site surveys, project meetings and technical assistance to the sales team.Trains PSAP agencies to maneuver through their systemsResponsible for 911 PSAP’s provisioning and maintenance technicians that provide provisioning and repair of 911 equipment and software.Responsible for 911 and help with 911 PSAP’s across Arizona.This position requires communication skills and the ability to coordinate essential testing requiring maintenance workThis position is also responsible for performance management, quality and safety and must take ownership of the service results and other performance indicators.Interacts with customers to ensure the highest levels of customer satisfaction and to earn our customers’ continued business and loyalty.Partners with internal (central office, repair & provisioning centers, LRAC etc.) and external (local municipalities, OSHA, etc.) organizations.Interacts with Network managers in successfully responding to and resolving service escalations to meet customer requests and expectationsBasic Job Qualifications:Prefer a minimum of three (3) years of experience installing and maintaining current Cassidian Vesta 911 and or Intrado 911 equipment and systemsPrefer three (3) years of concurrent experience installing and maintaining switches, routers and or phone systems. Working knowledge of LANS is a plus.Minimum of three (3) years experience working on servers and computersPrefer a minimum of two (2) years of experience working in a Telco environment with designed services, POTS or central office installationsPrefer  Cisco Certs  CCNA CCNP or equivalenceWorking knowledge of copper and fiber cable facilities both outside plant and inside cablingBasic electricity knowledge as it relates to telecommunications (through classes or on the job related training) including: reading & interpreting circuit diagrams, equipment drawings, & technical manuals, AC/DC usage and measurements.Working knowledge of test equipment (e.g. Volt-ohm meter, Transmission Measuring) sets or comparable testing equipment.Experience working on a computer in Windows based systems and Microsoft Outlook is a must. Must have knowledge and experience using PC’s Windows associated with telephony equipment. Includes configuring customers’ computer hardware and softwareAbility to perform strenuous physical activities including, but not limited to lifting and/or moving up to 100 pounds.Requires state drivers’ license and current satisfactory driving record.Ability to perceive differences in telecom wire and cable colors. Excellent interpersonal skills required in order to provide efficient, quality service to both internal and external customers both face-to-face and over-the-phone.Ability to work well with others to achieve common goals and to foster a cooperative climate, as well as to work independently in the field with little supervision.Ability to perform job activities outdoors in different weather conditions (e.g., extreme cold and/or heat, inclement weather).Ability to work in confined spaces (e.g., attics and crawl spaces).Willing to  be scheduled on a rotation basis and pager duty will be required. Requires varying tours and hours including possible mandatory overtime and holidays. Must be able to prioritize multiple projects and perform under pressure. Must negotiate timeframes for completion and meet critical deadlines. Must be willing and able to work with other coworkers to complete job assignments.Successful completion and passage of all applicable employment testing and interview.Overnight travel to perform and attend training classes will be required.Preferred Job Qualifications:Experience working in teams or alone problem solving, coordinating testing and troubleshooting customer lines or toll lines.Associated or Baccalaureate degree in telecommunications and electronics is a plusOther Job Requirements:Successful completion and passage of all applicable employment testing and interview.Selected candidate is required to remain in the position for a minimum of 30 months (Time in Title) and 18 months (Time in Location).Alternate Location: US-Arizona-TucsonRequisition #: 59907 Company StatementCenturyLink is an industry-leading provider of communications, high speed Internet and entertainment services from coast to coast.  Our combination of business and residential service solutions – including home and wireless voice solutions and digital television – provide innovative solutions to our customers.  CenturyLink is proud to be a participant in the U.S. General Services Administration Networx program, the largest communications services contract in the world.  CenturyLink offers you the opportunity to develop and cultivate your career as we lead the communications industry into the future.Disclaimer:The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.  Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.
Job Description:Responsible for on-site installing, maintaining, documenting and repairing various multi-vendor network and voice devices working under the direction of a remote network management center. Tasks include hardware device replacement, patch cable installation, documentation updates, software installation, 3rd Party vendor coordination and basic equipment configuration. Ensures customer satisfaction by advising on-site customer personnel and remote management center on any issues which may impact product performance. Takes responsibility for potential or desired follow-up services, on-going communication and/ or problem escalation. Required Skills:·         A+ IT Technician·         Cisco Networking Products·         Cisco Router Support
Job SummaryAs a Genius at the Apple Store, you maintain customers' trust in Apple as the skilled technical customer service expert, troubleshooting and repairing products. You use problem-solving and people skills to assure Genius Bar customers of swift resolutions to their technical problems. You also educate your team members about products, while independently keeping your own technical know-how up to date. With your customer service brilliance and empathetic nature, you provide Genius advice and technical support every day.Key QualificationsStrong people skills and a knack for problem solving.Ability to maintain composure and customer focus while troubleshooting and solving technical issues.Ability to adhere to a schedule of customer appointments. DescriptionAs an Apple Genius, you provide insightful advice and friendly, hands-on technical support to Apple customers in need. You quickly diagnose product issues on the spot, explaining situations with patience and empathy. After determining whether repairs can be done or a replacement is needed, you offer tech support solutions to quickly get users up and running again. Even if you're juggling more than one customer, you stay conscious of their time demands as well as your own. You fulfill Apple's service commitment with style, speed, and skill. And you earn the trust of customers and coworkers alike as you offer guidance, knowledge, and even tips and training.Additional RequirementsYou have an aptitude for acquiring skills in technical repairs and an eagerness to learn.You have excellent time management skills and can make decisions quickly.Bilingual ability is a plus.You'll need to be flexible with your schedule. Your work hours will be based on business needs. Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
A leader in the banking services industry is seeking individuals for a Customer Service/Account Set-Up Specialist position in St. Paul, MN. If you have a background in customer service and are interested in being considered for this position, please send your resume today! Position: Customer Service/Account Set-Up SpecialistLocation: St. Paul, MN 55107Hours: Full-time, 8 am - 5 pmDescription: Ensure accurate and timely set-up of new accountsProvide internal customer serviceReview account transactions to assess appropriatenessResearches issues that arise and performs corrective processing to resolve issuesTrack and gather information reportingEnsures all set-up requirements are satisfied Qualifications: Demonstrated clerical, and customer service/relations skillsAccuracy is critical and attention to detail is very importantAble to manage and meet deadlines with the ability to multi-taskComputer experience requiredHS Diploma or equivalent minimum required  
Lead Customer Service Representative Job in San Francisco, CA Do you enjoy building relationships and thrive in a fast-paced environment? Would you be interested in working in a customer facing role? Do you have a proven track record and have retail experience? If the answer is yes, then we have the job for you! A logistics services company is hiring a full-time Lead Customer Service Representative in San Francisco, California. This long-term position offers free parking, many public transportation options and has the potential to become permanent for the right individual. If your qualifications meet the description below, please send us your resume for immediate consideration Job Responsibilities: Effectively interact with customers via phone or in personEnter requests into dispatch system and monitor statusProcess transactions, client requests, and customer inquiries Achieve quality and productivity metricsAd hoc duties as assigned  Qualifications: Minimum one year customer service experience  Must be available to work flexible hours and night shifts Retail or telephone experience required Excellent communication and tech savvy skillsProficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook  If so, please apply below and submit your resume to Ashley at ashley.wright@ajilon.com with “Lead Customer Service Representative” in the subject line. For more opportunities, visit Ajilon Professional Staffing‘s website at www.ajilon.com     
A leader in the healthcare industry is seeking individuals for a Customer Service Representative role at their location in Lodi, CA. If you have direct call center and customer service experience and are looking for a new opportunity to further your career, please send your resume today! Position: Call Center Customer Service RepresentativeLocation: Lodi, CAPay: $13.50/hr Description: Responds to and resolves various customer inquiries via telephoneResolves claims problems Answers incoming calls and written requests for information from members or providers Coordinates with other departments to ensure timely and appropriate responsesMakes claim adjustmentsHandles the highest level of escalated and unresolved calls  Requirements: Have strong customer service experience (especially phones) Strong organizational skills Healthcare industry experience a huge plusHigh School Diploma minimum   
Job SummaryAs a Genius at the Apple Store, you maintain customers' trust in Apple as the skilled technical customer service expert, troubleshooting and repairing products. You use problem-solving and people skills to assure Genius Bar customers of swift resolutions to their technical problems. You also educate your team members about products, while independently keeping your own technical know-how up to date. With your customer service brilliance and empathetic nature, you provide Genius advice and technical support every day.Key QualificationsStrong people skills and a knack for problem solving.Ability to maintain composure and customer focus while troubleshooting and solving technical issues.Ability to adhere to a schedule of customer appointments. DescriptionAs an Apple Genius, you provide insightful advice and friendly, hands-on technical support to Apple customers in need. You quickly diagnose product issues on the spot, explaining situations with patience and empathy. After determining whether repairs can be done or a replacement is needed, you offer tech support solutions to quickly get users up and running again. Even if you're juggling more than one customer, you stay conscious of their time demands as well as your own. You fulfill Apple's service commitment with style, speed, and skill. And you earn the trust of customers and coworkers alike as you offer guidance, knowledge, and even tips and training.Additional RequirementsYou have an aptitude for acquiring skills in technical repairs and an eagerness to learn.You have excellent time management skills and can make decisions quickly.You'll need to be flexible with your schedule. Your work hours will be based on business needs. Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Job Description:A large home appraisal company located in Bloomington, MN is currently in need of Customer Service Representatives to add to their growing team! This is a contract position with the ability to work overtime with pay at $13.70/hour.POSITION SUMMARY Representatives apply customer service and problem solving skills to provide the highest level of service. Attention to detail and appropriate business knowledge is utilized when placing an order, answering inbound phone lines, addressing emails, or providing follow up. Responsibilities may vary as directed by the Team Lead, Assistant Operations Manager, or based on the team responsibilities. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS ? Ensure all appropriate business line procedures and guidelines are followed throughout the life of the order. ? Make outbound phone calls to vendors to obtain order placement, status updates, or provide additional information for appraisal orders. ? Take inbound phone calls from various phone queues, and answer vendors/clients questions and concerns. ? Provide prompt customer service to clients by acting on communications received and resolve issues within orders. ? Document all communications on internal order notes in a compliant manner with Operation?s procedures. ? Ensure all escalations are handled through completion and the client is updated with resolution or status.Requirements:1-2 years of Customer Service experienceAbility to type 35wpmHigh School Diploma or G.E.D. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1049477 Job Experience:,Years of Experience Required:
Entry Level Retail Sales Rep Opening!If you have great people skills and enjoy working with the public, we want to meet you!PVM, Inc. is seeking a full-time Entry Level Retail Sales Rep who is career minded and possesses unmatched people skills! This is an entry level opening NOT in a call center environment. As a result of clients placing a high value on a more personalized approach to excellent customer service our client’s customized marketing & advertising initiatives are moving into the local BUFFALO, NY area!The Entry Level Retail Sales Rep would have the opportunity to work with some of our client’s top performing accounts including major brands in the technology, entertainment, electronics, and telecommunications industries!Servicing retail giants and clients of all sizes for brands across the globe with a smile and a handshake is why our client’s customer service division has enjoyed unprecedented growth this year. Campaigns are focused on developing and executing unique and personable advertising strategies designed to generate new customers for clients.The Goals Are Simple: every consumer must benefit from the promotions, every client must benefit from the product/services provided and every representative must benefit from the training and team spirit of the company!Entry Level Retail Sales Rep work in an environment that is centered on being a part of a team and being included in a family atmosphere. By bringing together diverse individuals who have an array of expertise, skills and potential, it helps senior management to create progressive promotional event solutions for clients. PVM, Inc. is looking for key individuals to provide customer service and promotional knowledge to our client’s existing and future client base.Join a company that invests in its employees and truly wants YOU to succeed!RequirementsQualifications:Experience in a customer service, restaurant or hospitality type environment providing front line customer appreciation/support is an assetAbility to adapt to a variety of peopleWinning attitude and dedication to ensuring customer satisfactionPositive attitude and ability to work well within a team environmentLeadership skillsPositions are limited! Apply now! Submit resume to hr@primetimevisionmtg.comWebsite / LinkedIn / Facebook / Twitter / Google+  Candidates with the following interests should apply: sales, inside sales, sales management, sales manager, account sales, strategic sales, field sales, promotional sales, entry level sales, sales training, account manager, sales closing, sales commission, marketing, marketing communications, marketing management, entry level marketing, marketing training, product marketing, direct marketing, promotional marketing, marketing campaigns
Are you a Customer Service professional looking to advance your career into Sales? Look no further!We are looking to hire a vibrant & fresh faced full time customer service specialist to join the onsite customer service and sales support team of a locally based promotional marketing company!Let us put your service-minded attitude and exceptional communication skills to use as you become the face of premium & newly introduced brands inside of major retailers and businesses across the nation!You don’t have to have a sales background to be successful in this full time role! In fact, most of our biggest success stories come from individuals who have a background in customer service, hospitality, food/beverage management, administrative support and other customer focused environments.If you have a passion for delivering an exceptional face to face customer service experience and are ready to shine in a full time sales and customer focused promotional marketing career then we can teach you the rest!Through a proven 3-6 month paid training program our client’s sales support management team will teach you to excel as a customer service & sales support specialist and:·       Meet sales revenue goals while executing promotional marketing strategies·       Take care of existing customer base and provide personal care with new customers·       Tailor customer service & sales to their needs·       Elevate client brands and build a consumer base through the support of customer service driven promotional campaigns·       Develop your people skills & conduct one on one sales based interactions with clients and customersDid we mention our client also offers an amazing inventive & performance based recognition program?RequirementsIf you are a recent graduate who can’t wait to start a full time career in a fun & rewarding customer service, sales and communications role or are a professional with customer service & sales experience looking for a career change then stop letting your experience place you behind a desk and switchboard, apply now!Key Words: Marketing, Sales, Entry Level, Promotions, Advertising, Customer Service, Communications, Junior, Public Relations.
THE INVICTUS GROUP IS NOW ACCEPTING RESUMES - APPLY NOW!Full Time / Entry Level / Customer Service / Sales / MarketingIf you are looking to begin your first career in sales and marketing or transition from another industry into the sales and marketing field, our entry level account manager position is the perfect fit.​All of our sales and marketing representatives receive full training in their new position.​ This training includes but is not limited to; in-house classroom-style training, hands-on field training and continued support and coaching from peers and management throughout their career.​As The Invictus Group continues to expand its sales and marketing division, new account management positions have been created. All representatives start at Entry Level with room to move into a Senior Management Role.  Cross training will be done in all areas of business including but not limited to sales, marketing, leadership, management, finance, goal setting, human resources, training, self development.   http://www.theinvictusgroupinc.com/ SUBMIT YOUR RESUME - Click on APPLY or email us at careers@theinvictusgroupinc.com  Ideal candidates are:Individuals from service industries (food service or hospitality) looking for career growthIndividuals with a sports or military backgroundIndividuals looking for performance based growth instead of seniorityGraduates with a B.​S.​ in Business Management, Marketing, or CommunicationsSales & Marketing Representative Responsibilities:Learn and understand the basics of our business from the entry level - Full training ProvidedLearn and understand client product knowledge - Full training ProvidedBe able to meet or exceed our entry level sales requirements Be able to complete marketing presentationsManagement training - develop coaching skills and learn managerial responsibilitiesGain an understanding of business financesThe Invictus Group Offers:Comprehensive Sales Training Direct Marketing TrainingLeadership DevelopmentBusiness ManagementFinancial ManagementTarget Market ResearchBuild and Protect Brand NamesManagement Training ProgramPerformance based pay optionsPlease forward your resume to our Human Resource department at careers@theinvictusgroupinc.com or click on APPLY at the top or bottom of this page!​
For more than 9 decades, this client's mission has been to restore and improve independence for people with mobility challenges. The people who work for them believe in our mission – taking it as a personal commitment to help make a difference for people who depend on one of our medical products to be more active. This position offers great growth opportunity and the chance to work with a company who is dedicated to helping people.Job description:Responsible for creating a high level of satisfaction for customers who contact the client to order products, request information, or report problems or complaints. Specifically responsible for using company procedures, systems, knowledge of products, and personal resourcefulness to complete customer requests by maintaining/updating SAP master data such customer records, material records, and pricing info. To ensure the accuracy of customer orders, resolve customer problems and complaints, respond to inquiries about order status, and fulfill requests for information.Answer and deal with incoming calls courteously and professionally, regardless of the caller's demeanor.Verify and update customer information as necessary to maintain accuracy of records.Gather and enter basic sales order information from the customer into SAP.Locate parts and materials numbers of products at least 75% of the instances when the customer is not able to provide them.Provide accurate information at the time of ordering on product availability, price, and delivery.Gather appropriate information from customers regarding problems and complaints, determine if FDA or standard escalation is required, properly code complaints and record them, and direct complaint to more senior associate for resolution.Implement pricing in SAP for products, discounts, and customer specific pricesMaintain Customer accounts by adding drop ships, pop up messages, discount structure, and auto confirmationsSupport all customers by completing open order reports and communicating updated ETAResource to Sales & Marketing to implement special promotions.Support to the Sales Reps to help with situations that fall outside of guidelines for ordering & billingVolt is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Hours are M-F, 8:30am to 5:00pmMinimum 2 year Associates degree related in pertinent disciplines desired or minimum proven 5 years experience in Customer ServiceSolid interpersonal, verbal and written communication skillsStrong Knowledge in SAP, and PC based applications is a mustVery organizedAbility to work independently and complete projects efficientlyQuarterly bonus available with earnings up to an additional $750.
Job Description Job #:  699852Customer Support / Customer Service RepresentativeDuration: Long term contract / ongoing contractRate: $16/hrIf you meet the below qualifications, please send a Word Document resume to dfisher@apexsystemsinc.com Qualified candidates will possess the following qualities:- Highly Organized- Studious- Effective in team settings- Punctual- Strong aptitude for learning and adapting to changing technologies- Excellent communication and interpersonal skillsJob Description:- Support internal executives by setting-up, scheduling, and supporting of the client product line.- Performing live demos for prospective clients- Teleconferencing with customersEEO EmployerApex Systems LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 866-612-2739.EEO EmployerApex Systems LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178.
Report this job About the Job Position Information:Sales Support Representative position with a company that gives back and works one-on-one with families in your community. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.We Need:Entry level and senior level applicant who is service-minded and wants to help people, gain experience and earn the money they need.You Will Help Your Community By:- Supporting the needs of people in the community- Managing relationships with new and existing customers- Providing customer service and communicationYou Only Need:- A high school diploma or equivalent- Be a people-person that likes interaction among others- Be independent-minded and flexible- Outstanding communication skillsWho Is American Income?We are American Income Life Insurance Company. We are a significant provider of supplemental insurance and have been helping labor unions, credit unions and associations with their insurance coverage needs. We strive to make a difference in lives of people across the United States, Canada and New Zealand.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at https://agent-jobs.ailcareers.com . Report Previous Next {"Caption":"","Images":[{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider1.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider2.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider3.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider4.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null}]} ‹ › ×
Aptean is a leading provider of mission critical enterprise software solutions. We build and acquire industry-focused solutions to support the evolving operational needs of our customers. Our solutions help nearly 5,000 organizations stay at the forefront of their industries by enabling them to operate more efficiently, thereby ensuring higher customer satisfaction. For more information, visit www.aptean.com. Provide leadership to implement and deliver overall MES and system integration solutions, with a focus on both the software delivery and the change management associated with a successful project.  Participate as a member of the implementation team to deploy new projects, and/or provide on-going support to their existing installation.   Consult with customers in the configuration and usage of application modules; research and resolves problems and issues. Manage customer expectations and foster positive business relationships.  Facilitate customer training & workshops to discover and document customer requirements, and also provide market-driven product requirements back to the internal product team.  When necessary, participate in the preparation of sales proposals. Requires interface with customers and other team members. Will involve frequent travel to customer sites, estimated 70%. Scope Knowledge: Having broad expertise or unique knowledge, uses skills to contribute to development of company objectives and principles and to achieve goals in creative and effective ways. Contributes as both an individual and an informal supervisor on assigned projects. ·         Understands the manufacturing industry and business environment served by Factory MES ·         Has experience in client-facing professional services in a manufacturing environment ·         Has led change management projects involving multi-functional teams Complexity: Works on significant and unique issues where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangibles. Exercises independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Creates formal networks involving coordination among groups. ·         Able to instruct customers on the set-up and usage of standard application features ·         Able to engage multi-functional business teams from shop floor to C-level ·         Follows standard practices and procedures in services delivery and ticket management Supervision: Acts independently to determine methods and procedures on new or special assignments. Serves as a mentor to others. Supervises others when leading projects they own.   Principal Duties and Responsibilities Consulting Services Provide consulting services to customers based on Aptean’s service delivery methodology and procedures; services engagements may include implementation consulting, upgrade consulting, training, testing, and/or process improvement consulting Effectively work on multiple projects simultaneously Work collaboratively with project manager and project team to deliver projects on time, on budget, on schedule Submit time and expenses punctually each week Maintain a professional appearance when onsite with customers Project Delivery Work to an existing project template on all aspects of the project deliverables Provide expert insight into signal scoping, project execution, assignment of roles and responsibilities, setting clear & realistic milestones Present system capabilities and benefits to multi-functional teams at all levels of the business, to raise awareness of what’s in it for them Train the teams, and engage the C-level to ensure the go-live is aligned to core management strategies Provide on-site support during go-live, coaching and mentoring new users to ensure self-sufficient operational excellence is delivered and maintained Expand expertise within the product Attend training sessions offered and use self-study tools; assist with peer training as needed Contribute to a customer focused environment that encourages information sharing, team-based resolution activity, cross training and an absolute focus on resolving customer incidents as quickly and effectively as possible Create KB articles and documents using the Knowledge Centered Support (KCS) methodology, to be published and shared both internally and with the customer base Ensure that all internal and external customer interactions are handled professionally and with the highest level of service, follow-through and consistently keep commitments Knowledge Management Communication b.    Ensure a professional communication manner when in-person or on the phone at all times 5.    Additional Duties a.    Assist in the resolution of customer escalations to improve customer experience b.    Provide mentorship to other members of the Customer Solutions team c.    Recommend improvements in Customer Solutions policies and procedures d.    Participate in system and release testing and QA as needed e.    Additional duties as assigned by management Education Bachelor's degree required Work Experience (Indicate the approximate years of relevant work experience necessary for this position) Typically requires a minimum of 6 years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 5 years and a Master’s degree; or a PhD with 4 years’ experience; or equivalent experience. Typical range of experience is 6-9 years. ·         Requires 5 - 7 years of professional experience in a manufacturing environment ·         Has led or participated in lean manufacturing projects in a project management or industrial engineering capacity ·         Has work experience in customer-facing professional services ·         ERP software implementation experience is a plus Knowledge ·         Possesses working knowledge of MES applications and demonstrates proficiency in key areas of the application, with a particular focus on Performance KPIs and BI, Quality Management, and CI practices ·         Understands the implementation of ERP software in a manufacturing environment and the natural touch points with MES ·         Knows the industry and business environment served by the application (food and beverage, consumer packaged goods, pharmaceutical and automotive) ·         Basic understanding of relational database concepts and architecture ·         Knowledge of the project management discipline including managing risk, directing people, and controlling scope to deliver projects on tie and within budget   Skills and Abilities ·         Excellent time management and organizational skills ·         Excellent verbal and written communication skills and ability to effectively communicate at all levels of an organization ·         Strong presentation and facilitation needs ·         Ability to work efficiently and independently and do whatever it takes to get the job done ·         Ability to handle difficult or sensitive situations with diplomacy and tact ·         Track record in providing outstanding customer service PMP / PRINCE2 certification a plus Aptean, Inc., is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. In accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws No applicant for employment with Aptean shall be subjected to discrimination because of race, color, sex, national origin, religion, disability, age, covered military veteran status, reprisal for engaging in anti-discrimination activities, protected genetic information, sexual orientation or parental status.   *LI-AM1    
Job Description Job #:  707802Customer Support / Customer Service RepresentativeDuration: Long term contract / ongoing contractRate: $16/hrIf you meet the below qualifications, please send a Word Document resume to dfisher@apexsystemsinc.com Qualified candidates will possess the following qualities:- Highly Organized- Studious- Effective in team settings- Punctual- Strong aptitude for learning and adapting to changing technologies- Excellent communication and interpersonal skillsJob Description:- Support internal executives by setting-up, scheduling, and supporting of the client product line.- Performing live demos for prospective clients- Teleconferencing with customersEEO EmployerApex Systems LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 866-612-2739.EEO EmployerApex Systems LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178.
Report this job About the Job Position Information:Sales Support Representative position with a company that gives back and works one-on-one with families in your community. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.We Need:Entry level and senior level applicant or applicant with business-to-business sales experience who wants to help people, gain experience and earn the money they need.You Will Help Your Community By:- Supporting the needs of people in the community- Managing relationships with new and existing customers- Providing customer service and communicationYou Only Need:- A high school diploma or equivalent- Be a people-person that likes interaction among others- Be independent-minded and flexible- Outstanding communication skillsWho Is Liberty National?We are Liberty National Life Insurance Company. We have been helping working-class people fulfill their benefit needs since 1900. That's over 100 years of making a difference in lives of people across the United States.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at https://agent-jobs.lnlcareers.com . Report Previous Next {"Caption":"","Images":[{"Src":"http://media.newjobs.com/mm/xlibnatx/cjt/slider-new-1.png","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"http://media.newjobs.com/mm/xlibnatx/cjt/slider-new-2.png","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"http://media.newjobs.com/mm/xlibnatx/cjt/slider-new-3.png","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null}]} ‹ › ×
Job Description Job #:  710471If you meet the below qualifications, please send a Word Document resume to dfisher@apexsystemsinc.com Customer Support / Customer Service RepresentativeDuration: Long term contract / ongoing contractRate: $16/hrLocation: Austin, TXQualified candidates will possess the following qualities:- Highly Organized- Studious- Effective in team settings- Punctual- Strong aptitude for learning and adapting to changing technologies- Excellent communication and interpersonal skillsJob Description:- Support internal executives by setting-up, scheduling, and supporting of the client product line.- Performing live demos for prospective clients- Teleconferencing with customersEEO EmployerApex Systems LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 866-612-2739.EEO EmployerApex Systems LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178.
Call Center Agent Opening in South Austin!We are looking to add new agents to our growing team!INTERVIEWING IMMEDIATELY!This is a call center environment taking inbound calls and helping people enroll in medical benefits. Compensation: $13.50/HR and $14/HR for bilingual in SpanishHours: Have to be available to work 8am to 6pm Monday-FridayJob Type: Customer Service RepresentativeThe ideal candidate will have the following requirements:* 1 year of Customer Service Experience * Must have a high school diploma or GED* Must be computer literate* Must be able to multi-task* Must have attention to detail* Must be able to remain calm in escalated situations  please email resumes to: viviana.guerrero@lkjordan.com for immediate consideration L.K. Jordan & Associates is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
Job Description Job #:  717091**Currently seeking highly motivated and experienced Financial Services Representative**Apex Systems, the 2nd largest IT staffing company, is seeking a  Financial Services Representative with a focus on insurance services. In addition, there will be appropriate salary compensation as well as additional perks such as: technical training, certification, career development, benefits, weekly pay, and growth potential.**Interested and qualified candidates please send resumes to Hillary at hthrockmorton@apexsystemsinc.com**Job DescriptionCustomer Service Analyst will be responsible for supporting our Advisors by answering inbound calls related to brokerage operations, paperwork requirements, system education and related questions, and explaining policies and procedures set forth by the broker dealer. Topics of requests may include: cashiering, margin, account establishment and maintenance, transfers, commissions, compliance and retirement accounts. You will be required to establish a rapport with the financial professionals in the financial industry.ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES • Receive inbound calls from clients who have service related issues. • Create a strong working relationship with Advisors and their assistants. • Educates Advisors where to find on-line information • Process incoming on line requests from Advisors and resolve requests in a timely manner.• Log transactions into CRM system for most inbound calls • Work independently to make decisions regarding resolution of issues. • Pay close attention to detail, process work accurately • Exercise judgment to know when to escalate issues to supervisor or manager • Ability to communicate with other business units within the company to resolve Advisors concerns and issues • Analyze problems and follow through to resolution • Works collaboratively with other business units to assure satisfaction of the needs of our Advisors • Meet quality and production goals • Strong interaction with clearing firm and external vendors on routine brokerage account platform questions. • Assist with other projects as needed • Provide peer to peer training • Keep up to date on changes to industry and business processes.EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE Two to five years related brokerage experience preferred Series 7 license preferred One to three years call center/customer service experience preferred Ability to work well as part of a team. Resourceful, detail oriented ability to multi-task, self starter. Exceptional organizational skills Proficient with windows, Microsoft applications such as Word, Excel, and Outlook. EEO EmployerApex Systems LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178.EEO EmployerApex Systems LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178.
The Training Department plays a crucial role in connecting our customers to our software. The main purpose of this position is to help our customers make a smooth conversion to the Reynolds and Reynolds system and provide training and customer support throughout the process. You will be responsible for installing and upgrading Reynolds and Reynolds software solutions in all parts of the dealership. When working with the customers, you will not only be a trainer but also a project manager. You will be responsible for coordinating all parts required for the install and making sure that all team members are on the same page in order to successfully convert the software.You will typically be given at least 1 month advance notice about upcoming trips. You will travel both individually and with a team installing and converting our software for customers. This requires excellent presentation and communication skills as you will meet with dealership management to understand the needs for each dealership. Based on these requirements, you will customize the system and train key dealership personnel on how to use the solution. While in the office you will support current customers, prepare for future trips, and conduct follow-ups with recently installed customers.REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree preferred Outgoing, friendly personality Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to travel 80% of the timeTRAINING:Training lasts approximately 4 months and includes department observations, classroom instruction, and on-the-job training with a mentor during travel trips. Classroom instruction includes product training as well as automotive dealership operations. You will focus on one area of the software during your product training and assist experienced representatives with customer set-up and implementation. In addition, you will have the opportunity to see Reynolds’ solutions “in action” by visiting car dealerships that already utilize our solutions on a daily basis.BENEFITS:We strive to offer an environment that provides our associates with the right balance between work and family. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including: Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance 401k with 100% matching up to 6% of compensation Referral bonuses with the opportunity to earn up to $7,000 per hirePaid holidays, vacation and sick days Professional development and training through Reynolds University Discounted membership to local area fitness centersOn-site medical clinic staffed by a Nurse Practitioner Company-sponsored events and sports leagues including: company picnic, softball, volleyball, bowling, and more! Gourmet cafeteria, open for breakfast and lunch, that features a salad bar and a variety of made-to-order cuisine optionsCredit Union membershipOpportunities to participate in charitable endeavors, such as our annual Bike Build for local military families, participation in the Reynolds Associate Foundation, company sponsorship in local charity 5k Run/Walks, and other volunteer opportunities Reynolds and Reynolds promotes a healthy lifestyle by providing a non-smoking environment.Reynolds and Reynolds encourages applicants of all ages and experience to apply, as we do not discriminate on the basis of age.
A growing food manufacturer near Houston, TX is searching for a Territory/Customer Service Representative.  This person will be preparing and submitting sales contracts and orders, work with new vendors, visit established clients to promote products, maintain customer records, attend to customers and answer their questions about products, prices, availability.The company offers a good starting salary, benefits and relocation if needed Salary range for this position is $70-80k depending on years of experienceThere is no commission for this position, however, this position may lead to a Sales Manager positionQualifications & Requirements: -4+ years as a Territory Representative or Customer Service Representative with a food ingredient manufacturer selling or maintaining food manufacturing companies REQUIRED-Strong experience with food production and Customer Service of client accounts
Adaptive Solutions Group is a premier provider of information technology personnel. We provide a variety of technical professionals available for contract, contract to hire, or direct placement positions to companies in and around the Kansas City, St. Louis, Denver, and Dallas Areas. We are currently looking for a Customer Support Specialist to join our team. Responsibilities·         Coordinate the processing of external customer security access requests. ·         Develop and maintain an advanced working knowledge of business-related applications, products, services, electronic access platforms, Operating Circulars, Regulations, etc.·         Consider potential exceptions and issue appropriate credentials by accessing multiple web-based tools. ·         Process and examine customer requests timely and accurately while adhering to strict information security controls and procedures.·         Provide high quality, professional and timely customer service to internal and external customers.·         Manage inbound and outbound customer calls to complete customer requests.·         Ensure sensitive information is secured and only authorized contacts are given the information.·         Utilize multiple applications and databases to set-up, maintain, retrieve, and relay accurate, relevant, and comprehensive customer profiles, records, and documentation. ·         Performs other duties as assigned. Required Qualifications·         High school level command of spelling, grammar and math, and/or basic vocational training.·         Knowledge of end-to-end processes and procedures for a fast-paced and changing environment. ·         Must be able to adjust to additional responsibilities and adapt processes to available technologies. ·         Three years of job related experience and/or one to two years of relevant business administration course work. ·         A minimum of two years of general customer service experience is required.·         Advanced typing skills (40 WPM).·         Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well in a team.·         Demonstrated ability to understand and apply department standard operating policies and procedures and industry specific regulations and laws.·         Strong organizational skills and ability to multi-task and prioritize work/deadlines. Preferred Qualifications·         Previous business knowledge is preferred.·         A minimum of two years of experience with electronic access products and services preferred.  Adaptive Solutions Group offers a competitive compensation and benefits package that includes medical, dental, STD/LTD, life insurance coverage, 401k, paid vacation and holidays.
Job Description:Mortgage Customer Care Rep:Looking to get your foot in the door with a large, growing company with an outstanding benefits package? Wanting a to work for a company that cares about work/life balance? This is the opportunity you don't want to pass up on!Currently seeking qualified INBOUND call center agents with 2-3 years of recent mortgage experience (required)! Regular schedules and perfect attendance incentives!Basic Job Duties:INBOUND- Provide timely, accurate customer service by answering inbound calls from assigned queues, researching issues, clarifying and resolving customer inquiries and recording notes in customer accounts to achieve call quality metrics and meet service level expectations.Apply today! We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1032348 Job Experience:,
Job Description:We are looking for customer service candidates for a fun opportunity here in Las Vegas with willingness to travel overseas after a 6 month training!. The role is promoting and selling a product with in food and beverage (non alcoholic) so we need candidates whom are great listeners, have a friendly and outgoing personality and who enjoy speaking to customers!You will be working in an office as well as attending trade shows. Great computer skills are needed!Down the road travel is needed. In order to communicate effectively with the market we ask that if you apply we strongly prefer you are bi-lingual in Spanish.Send your resume today! This is a base role but once trained in sales you will receive commission! We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1032934 Job Experience:,, Bilingual Spanish, Chinese, Japanese
Customer Service Representative Job Modis has an immediate job opening for a Customer Service Representative with one of our premier clients in Sterling, VA. We are seeking a Customer Service Representative with a positive attitude and good work ethic. If you would like to work with one of the most recognizable brands in the US, then this job could be for you.The Customer Service Representative will support our client’s corporate office.  The client provides creative, reliable solutions for Global Fortune 100 companies. They provide global services including design, engineering, installation, dispatching, repair, outsourcing and consulting, and project management for a diverse base of network, radio, and applications services supporting information technology systems and networks in industries including aviation, health care, surface transportation, and government.  The Customer Service Representative will:  • Responds to basic, multiple customer inquiries and requests. • Answers telephones and responds to basic customer questions and/or forwards call to appropriate personnel• Researches customer inquiries and responds to appropriate parties in a timely manner.• Processes customer requests by sending faxes, returning telephone messages, sending mail documents or using other related communication. • Performs data entry and matches documents to appropriate accounts to ensure up to date and accurate information. • Interfaces with team members, management and customers in reference to customer service issues.  Qualifications Required Experience and Skills:• Customer service experience in any industry/field• Excellent customer service skills and work ethic   To be considered, you must apply online now and submit your resume. We are actively monitoring all applies.  Apply below! And, thank you for partnering with Modis! 
Job Description:We have an amazing opportunity for a Customer Service professional who enjoys working in teams. We have great environment and a break room that is always fully stocked with snacks to help fuel ones day. This amazing workplace with the right candidate will be able to help more clients and bring even more life to the office. Required Skills: ?Bilingual Spanish?Ability to work within the operating hours and days for this position as outlined in the posted job requisition.?Ability to work the required days and hours as listed in the job requisition without any absences or vacation time in order to attend mandatory training?At least an intermediate ability in computer skills?A minimum of 1 year of experience working with customers?At least 1 year of experience handling difficult situations with customers?Intermediate proficiency (1-3 years of experience) in written and verbal communications Desirable Skills: ?Ability to work weekends, either rotating or set days as outlined in the job requisition?Ability to work evenings, either rotating or set days as outlined in the job requisition?A minimum of 1-3 years of experience working in a call center?A minimum of 1-3 years of experience working in customer relations?A minimum of 1-3 years of experience performing repetitive tasks based on existing operating procedures under close supervision or from detailed written procedures?Prefer 1 year experience working sales We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1032440 Job Experience:,,
Skillset:3 to 5 years experience3 to 5 Microsoft Project experienceExcellent oral and written communication skillsExperienced in creating project plans, reviewing and enhancing processes and procedures.A person who understands project management processes and concepts specifically scope management, schedule management and risk management.They need to know MS Project and Excel because this is how the schedules are maintained as well as the OHCA status report. (MS Project is corporate standard)MSWord (which most people have) because this is what all the processes are written in.Good verbal and written communications skills because they will be dealing with client leadership .Since we are the central point for process improvement and project management standards (for both OHCA and HPE), knowledge of application development/management systems lifecycle (waterfall) is necessary as well as an analytical personResponsibilities: Leads customer engagement to ensure that it meets all scope, time, budget and quality expectations, through planning, controlling and managing customer projects. Manages corporate, customer and third party vendor efforts to plan, sell and implement solutions to customer problems. Responsible for business as well as team management.Specialist: Applies experience and subject matter knowledge to solve common and complex business issues within established guidelines and recommends appropriate alternatives. Works on problems / projects of diverse complexity and scope. Exercises independent judgment within generally defined policies and practices to identify and select a solution. Provides direction to team activities and facilitates information validation and team decision-making process. Ability to handle most unique situations. May seek advice in order to make decisions on complex business issues.First Level University degree.5+ years in project management roles or in like roles/businesses.Demonstrates an in-depth understanding of key Services operational policies, processes and methodologies applicable to project management. Speaks with expertise to many layers of depth related to project management methods. On the PMP Certification path.Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
RESPONSIBILITIES:Kforce has a client in Fort Lauderdale, Florida (FL) that is seeking an Implementation Business Analyst on a full time permanent basis. Responsibilities: Analyze client business process / requirements and develop corresponding process and data flows Perform gap analysis activities to identify and document any possible requirement gaps as well as provide creative solutions to ambiguous business problems Develop materials and deliver training required for each client assigned implementation Configure data and business rules for new / existing implementations Assist with testing strategies, conditions and evaluation of expected results Deliver meeting minutes, status reports, and post-project evaluations as required Offer in-depth line of questioning to uncover barriers, resistance and overall software usage In your first year your goals will include: Successfully complete 2 implementations as the secondary BA Successfully complete 2 implementations as the lead BAREQUIREMENTS: Must have Software implementation experience Prior experience with writing and analyzing technical business and system requirement documents that convey complex analysis and solutions Must have experience interfacing with external clients Proficient experience with MS Office Suite, Visio and web technologies Ability to effectively present information to customers, strategic business partners, and company management History of recommending and implementing process improvements Must have experience implementating software with external clients Must be ok to travel to client sites weekly
Interested in working in a Customer Service Representative position in Sterling, VA with a dynamic and growing company? In this role our client is a fortune 500 company with room for growth and stability. We are looking for someone who is smart, dependable, driven and have a strong interest in Customer Service.  RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES INCLUDE:  • Responds to basic, multiple customer inquiries and requests. • Answers telephones and responds to basic customer questions and/or forwards call to appropriate personnel. • Records call on account history record with results of the inquiry; initiates required confirmation without direct supervision. • Researches customer inquiries and responds to appropriate parties in a timely manner. • Processes customer requests by sending faxes, returning telephone messages, sending mail documents or using other related communication. • Processes calls in a manner that ensures service level agreements are met or exceeded. • Processes and distributes incoming and outgoing mail for multiple clients in accordance with established service level agreements.• Performs data entry and matches documents to appropriate accounts to ensure up to date and accurate information. • Interfaces with team members, management and customers in reference to customer service issues. • Prepares, reviews and submits client reports on a weekly basis to ensure data integrity to management. REQUIRMENTS • High School Diploma • 1 to 3 years Call Center experience If you are interested please attach the most current copy of your resume. Also be on the lookout for a 303 area code for a preliminary phone screen!  
General CharacteristicsResponsible for Tier I software and hardware support. Diagnoses and resolves problems using documented procedures and checklists in the performance of most responsibilities. Enters call data into a tracking system. Escalates problems to higher level technical support professionals when necessary. Assists in the resolution of application, hardware and software problems. DimensionsEducation:    Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree, or technical institute degree/certificate in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field. Or equivalent work experience.Experience: Typically has 1 to 2 years of IT work experience in computer systems or support with demonstrated working knowledge of basic hardware and software products and problem solving/troubleshooting skills.Active Directory and/or Comptia A+ is desiredComplexity: Learner/entry level role. Provides Tier 1 support of low to medium complexity. Functions, somewhat independently, under general direction of more senior customer service representatives, supervisors or managers. Generally follows documented procedures and checklists.US Citizenship required If interested; forward a resume in word document format along with hourly salary requirement to mawesley@motentate.com.  
Primary Occupation: Self Pay Customer Service Representative. **NO WEEKENDS!  NO MANDATORY OT!  COMPLETE BENEFITS PACKAGE!** Come join our family!  We are a longtime established (30+ years), professional, clean and excellent company to work for.  We are offering full-time positions in our Self Pay Division.  These positions offer fantastic opportunities for good base pay ($13 per hour / 40 hours per week).We work full, 40-hour shifts each week.  Our office(s) are open Monday through Friday.  This position requires 2 evening shifts (10:00am until 7:00pm) to be worked each week. Every work day includes two (2) 10-minute paid breaks, and one (1) lunch break that is one-hour in length.We are different from many collections and receivable management organizations.  If you have great listening skills and voice tone with quality customer service attributes, we have a job for you.  Treating others as we ourselves desire is expected.We never work weekends, and we will never require any mandatory overtime.  We offer a full benefit package that includes:  Blue Cross Blue Shield coverage entailing:  health, dental, paid-time-off, 401k, vision, life, supplemental pre and post-tax plan options, HSAs, and various internal benefits like paid birthday holidays.  We truly are a great company to work and establish your career with.  We hope to see you very soon!                 Qualifications:·         Must have excellent communication skills!·         Proficiency in data entry and computer knowledge·         Ability to handle a fast-paced work environment·         A high school diploma or GED or relevant experience in the field·         Bilingual skills are a plus!!!
Mountain Top Events is one of the LEADING marketing firms providing exceptional service to large corporations in the Knoxville area.  We recently opened up a NEW OFFICE and are looking to fill positions in multiple departments.  These positions are ENTRY LEVEL to begin with RAPID advancement. OPPORTUNITY:   Whether you are looking to get your foot in the door or already have experience, we are interested in hearing more about how your unique skill set can benefit our company. We have team members from all walks of life and believe that degrees and experience in marketing, as well as other industries, can benefit our company.  QUALIFICATIONS: Our clients are all industry leaders thus we are selective about who we bring into our company to represent them.  If you have the following qualifications we are interested in meeting with you: Outstanding communication skills both verbal & writtenAble to prioritize and work independently with minimal supervisionAble to work effectively in a team environmentDetail-oriented and the ability to follow up on tasksWork effectively under pressure and maintain a positive attitudeCapable of multi-tasking, prioritizing, and managing time efficientlyTo be the best in our industry, we have to have the best people working for us.Providing the right work environment is important to us.   Requirements     **After the review of your resume you will be contacted through email by our HR Department. Please be on the lookout for this email as it will be sent to you shortly if selected by our management team for a possible interview.     We have been growing rapidly and are continuing to expand our operations and offerings. If you are a proven performer, we would like to take a closer look at working for us.  All of our positions are salary based with a bonus and commission structure on topThere are no door to door, business to business, or telemarketing positions here If you are interested in a full time, salary based positionwith the opportunity to advance into management,APPLY TODAY! Positions are limited.     
Are you looking for a great work/life balance? How would you like to work from home? Randstad is accepting applications for in-home Customer Service Representatives in the Knoxville, TN area. This is a full-time position. Benefits available through Randstad. Job Description:Customers call in to speak to our customer service team. You'll answer basic questions about products and services. Some complex calls will be forwarded to the call-center for further assistance. Although this is an in-home position, you will be required to attend an initial 3 week training class at the Whirlpool facility in West Knoxville to determine in-home eligibility. This training is Monday-Friday from 8-5.Hours of operation are Monday through Friday from 8:00 am to 8:00 pm and Saturday from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm. We ask that you have open availability during this time for a 40 hour shift-bid schedule when you begin working at home.Whirlpool will provide the equipment necessary for this position and even reimburse your internet charges up to $60 per month!You will also have additional opportunities to earn extra money by offering extended warranties to customers!Working hours: M-F 8am - 8-pm, SAT. 8am-5pmSkills:QUALIFICATIONS:- One year experience working in customer service with varied duties- If you've worked in a call center before, that's a big plus!- Good verbal and written communication skills - Requires computer knowledge and typing skills- This is a great opportunity for a self-motivated candidate YOU MUST BE ABLE TO ATTEND A 3 WEEK TRAINING CLASS IN KNOXVILLEFor more information about this exciting opportunity, call Jennifer Carr at 865-470-5351Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.
TruGreen is committed to providing personalized attention for our associates. We focus on developing our people by building proud, dynamic teams while helping associates reach their personal and professional goals. We continuously strive to make TruGreen an employer of choice and "a great place to work!"We're seeking a Customer Service Representative. If you set high standards for Excellence, Integrity and Customer Service this may be the position for you.  Apply now and learn more about opportunities with TruGreen.Position OverviewReceives calls to resolve basic and routine customer concerns in a timely and professional manner. Acts as a liaison between the branch and the customer in order to achieve the highest level of customer satisfaction.Responsibilities• Answers inbound customer service calls, responds to customer emails and surveys.• Resolves customer service concerns after determining root cause of the concern.  • Escalates customer issues requiring extensive problem solving.• Uses save training and current save offers to retain customers at every opportunity.• Updates and maintains customer database with accurate customer information and timely data entry.  • Up-sells services to existing customers based on customer needs.• Provides resolution and timely follow-up with the customers.• Achieves quality standards as outlined in the Quality Assessment form. • Communicates customer impacting trends and/or ideas for improvement to manager.• May perform outbound calls to internal and external customers to schedule applications and/or service calls.Education and Experience Requirements• High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or up to one year related experience and/or training, or equivalent combination of education and experience.• Associate degree from a two-year college or technical school preferred• Computer skills with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint).TruGreen is committed to Diversity and Inclusion.  We encourage diverse candidates to apply to this position.We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesTo learn more copy and paste this URL into your browser: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdfTruGreen performs pre-employment testing.DisclaimerThe above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by associates assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.
RESPONSIBILITIES:A Kforce client is currently hiring for experienced Customer Service Representatives for an immediate opportunity in St. Petersburg, Florida (FL).Duties: Answer telephone calls; route calls accurately and perform other duties as assigned Respond to verbal and/or written inquiries Record details and help resolve complicated customer concernsREQUIREMENTS: High School degree or GED/equivalent 1+ years of customer service experience in a call center setting Must have impeccable verbal and written communication skills Pervious Healthcare or medical experience preferred Must have flexibility with shifts
Responsibilities: Customer Solution Centers are made up of teams that provide remote (offsite) service; customer access, pre-sales, post-sales, and service delivery. Technical teams focus is to solve various business systems and applications problems for customers, onsite engineering personnel and Authorized Service Providers on standard, specialized or complex systems. Non-technical teams provide support to internal and external customers and resellers via incoming customer contacts to the hp Customer Solutions Center through telephony or e-support methods.Senior: Applies extensive knowledge of the job skills, company policies and procedures to complete complex, specialized assignments/tasks increative and effective ways. Comprehensive understanding of the general/technical aspects of the job. Works on assignments that are complex in nature and require considerable judgment, initiative, and technical/specialized knowledge to resolve problems and/or develop recommended solutions. Work is completed with minimal supervision and assignments may be completed without established procedures. May determine methods and procedures for new assignments. High school education or equivalent. Typically requires 3-5 years general experience, or equivalent combination of experience and college level education. Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
Customer Service RepresentativesAre you looking for a customer service job in a fun environment? Look no further. We are seeking customer service super stars, call center heroes and people-people to join our incredible team! What we do: We are an outbound/inbound Call Center, offering a free service to individuals looking into an educational program. In this role, you will be helping our customers get connected with the most suitable schools and programs available! If it sounds really awesome, it's because it is.Perks of the job:1. You get your own desk. Feel free to hang that Game Of Thrones poster because you don't have to share! 2. Free food. You receive 15 dollars each month to use in our fresh foods market located onsite in the cafeteria. No gluten, no problem. We've got you covered. 3. Fun Contests. Participate in exciting contests and win gift cards and cool gadgets. 4. Diversity.We have folks from all walks of life, in all stages of their lives. From career customer service reps, to creatives, it's a welcoming environment chalk-full of friendly faces and unique interests. 5. We value you. We start at $11.50/hour with monthly increases up to $14/ hour by the time you hit 1 year. Where else can you find that quick of pay increase? 6. BEST.SCHEDULES.EVER. Day shifts only, 40 hours per week, and you are guaranteed two days off in a row. Also, we have set schedules! 7. TriMet compatible. We are easily accessible by so many bus lines: 92, WES, 78, 76, 45, 62 (all less than 0.5 miles... more within 1 mile).8. Interactive training program. You will learn amazing professional skills here. Your position begins with a 2 week paid training program that includes a full week of classroom style learning.Working hours: Day shift, set schedules, 40 hours/weekSkills:Requirements: - High school diploma or GED- Ability to work weekend, day shifts - Basic computer skills. -Strong written and verbal communication skills-Ability to demonstrate a courteous, tactful and professional approach with employees and customers-Work both independently and as part of a teamReady to apply? Click HERE!! Check out our InstaGram account: @randstadqsRandstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.
Report this job About the Job Position Information:Sales Support Representative position with a company that gives back and works one-on-one with families in your community. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.We Need:Entry level and senior level applicant who is service-minded and wants to help people, gain experience and earn the money they need.You Will Help Your Community By:- Supporting the needs of people in the community- Managing relationships with new and existing customers- Providing customer service and communicationYou Only Need:- A high school diploma or equivalent- Be a people-person that likes interaction among others- Be independent-minded and flexible- Outstanding communication skillsWho Is American Income?We are American Income Life Insurance Company. We are a significant provider of supplemental insurance and have been helping labor unions, credit unions and associations with their insurance coverage needs. We strive to make a difference in lives of people across the United States, Canada and New Zealand.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at https://agent-jobs.ailcareers.com . Report Previous Next {"Caption":"","Images":[{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider1.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider2.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider3.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider4.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null}]} ‹ › ×
Alere Home Monitoring is the largest, most experienced home INR monitoring service provider in the country. As the leader in the industry and a Medicare (CMS) approved IDTF, we've helped over 16,000 users tracking 500,000 patients and 36 million INR tests by providing the critical tools needed to safely manage anticoagulation therapy. Our broad range of solutions include fingerstick monitors for real time INR visibility at home or point of care, decision support applications, centralized patient management software, and health management support for individuals testing at home. This process is proven to be the superior standard of care for monitoring warfarin and the most cost effective oral anticoagulant. We have earned the Joint Commission's Gold Seal of Approval® accreditation by demonstrating compliance with The Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organization's national standards for health care quality and safety in home care We improve clinical, operational and economic outcomes for physicians, and offer more freedom and better quality of life for patients. For our customers, Knowing Now Matters.Position Summary The Clinic Support Representative provides an excellent standard of service and is highly responsive to prescribing facilities and new clinic opportunities. The CSR's are quick responders on all customer inquiries and coordinate resolution to issues to maintain a high level of customer satisfaction. They support the sales organization's efforts by providing a suite of facility reports and services. The CSR assists with obtaining complete documentation for existing patients who are making changes to their enrollment, and for new patients enrolling with AHM. Primary ResponsibilitiesResponds to incoming facility inquiries via telephone, written, and electronic requests in a prompt and courteous mannerHandles inbound facility phone queue and provides first call problem resolution for Alere customersPrepares standardized suite of facility reports including: Pipeline Reports, Encounters Reports, Business Reviews, Patient RostersHelps resolve service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint; determining the cause of the problem; selecting and explaining the best solution to solve the problem; expediting correction or adjustment; notifying the appropriate department for follow-up to ensure resolution.Escalates service issues internally and documents all complaints per corporate standardsReceives inquiries from other internal departments to resolve a variety of service related issues.Responds to customer service requests for prescription changes and prepares the required documents. Maintains order/customer information files and communicates changes to the appropriate personnel/departments.Handles outbound and inbound client correspondence to existing and new facilities or physicians, via telephone and e-mail, while providing superior Alere service.Maintains subject matter expertise and uses resources effectively regarding Alere Home Monitoring servicesEducates clients on the process of obtaining complete documentation to appropriately prescribe patients for enrollment with Alere Home Monitoring services.Collaborates with Demand Creation team to ensure new sales leads are captured and routed appropriately.Takes inbound and makes outbound patient calls to confirm attendance at regional education and enrollment eventsCaptures, reports, and maintains accurate and relevant information in Salesforce.com database and patient records. Follows all regulatory policies, procedures, privacy, and security standards in accordance with government agencies including all HIPAA requirements.Secondary ResponsibilitiesUnderstands and adheres to business processes and proceduresAssists with implementation of work flow productivity improvements. Maintains a culture of accountability in area of responsibility. Assists with any special projects as directed by manager. Education & Experience Associate degree or equivalent with a minimum of three years relevant working experience.CertificatesContinued management courses & seminars as related to the position along with any programs provided by Alere Home Monitoring.Abilities Ability to work both independently and as part of the team Ability to use effective problem solving techniques.Ability to multi-task and meet required deadlines.Ability to make critical decisions within company guidelines Ability to be goal oriented and results focused.Ability to communicate, both in writing & verbally, with others in a professional manner.Ability to use efficient time management skills.Ability to attend job related courses & seminars as required.Ability to use office equipment that is relevant to job functions.SkillsDetail OrientedComputer/Software SkillsCommunication & Writing SkillsHuman Relations SkillsOrganization/Time Management SkillsHigh Degree of Professionalism Equipment UsageTelephoneFax / Photocopier / ScannerComputer/SoftwareCalculatorPhysical AbilitiesAbility to sit for long periods working on computer and/or using phone.Work EnvironmentOffice Setting"Alere Home Monitoring is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. If you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a disability, please send an e-mail or call 1-877-262-4669 ext. 7692 to let us know the nature of your request."
TruGreen is committed to providing personalized attention for our associates. We focus on developing our people by building proud, dynamic teams while helping associates reach their personal and professional goals. We continuously strive to make TruGreen an employer of choice and "a great place to work!"We're seeking an Customer Care Coordinator. If you set high standards for Excellence, Integrity and Customer Service this may be the position for you.  Apply now and learn more about opportunities with TruGreen.Responsibilities• Receives inbound and makes outbound calls to resolve routine customer concerns (e.g., service, billing, results) in a timely and professional manner. May deviate from routine procedures to diagnose root cause of more complex customer issues.• Coordinates and resolves customer follow-up requests as a liaison between branches and customers to provide and maintain the highest level of customer service.• Prioritizes open, overdue and/or critical CFRs or customer concerns and escalates to management as needed.• Reviews and responds to customer feedback collected through external sources. Compiles statistical data (e.g., net promoter scores, or NPS), identifies trends, and reports to management team.• Makes contact with cancel request customers to retain business. Probes to identify root cause and uses approved customer save offers (e.g., discounts, service calls) to retain customer.• May complete special projects to support branch operations and efficiency• Enters and maintains customer data (e.g., contact information, service plan, billing information) into customer database accurately and timely.• Researches customer database for account and service history and information to resolve customer concerns.• Follows standard policies, procedures and scripting when interacting with and resolving customer concerns to ensure quality outcomes.• May assess customer needs for additional services and up-sell as appropriate.• Identifies and communicates improvement opportunities or trends impacting the customer experience to management.• May receive customers and vendors at assigned branch.Education and Experience Requirements• High school diploma/GED required. Associate’s degree preferred.• 2-3 years of customer service experience required• Experience resolving escalated customer service issues required• Computer skills with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint)TruGreen is committed to Diversity and Inclusion.  We encourage diverse candidates to apply to this position.We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesTo learn more copy and paste this URL into your browser: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdfTruGreen performs pre-employment testing.DisclaimerThe above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by associates assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.
Shift: Other 1 (4:00 AM - 3:45 AM)UPS is hiring individuals to work as Full-Time Customer Counter Associates. This work involves contact with customers who are shipping packages. You will check shipping addresses, perform packaging quality inspections and complete sales transactions. Some computer work is also required, including package tracking, package processing and daily records accounting.This is a physical, sometimes fast-paced position that involves lifting, lowering and sliding packages that typically weigh 25 - 35 lbs. and may weigh up to 70 lbs.UPS is an equal opportunity employer – race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/sexual orientation/gender identity
The Customer Service Operations Specialist supports the outside Sales Representatives, who are remote selling direct to Dealers, A&D, Hospitality firms' contract furniture and lighting. The inside Customer Service Ops Specialist provides project coordinating and dedicated support through a variety of tasks, reporting to the Director of Operations.RESPONSIBILITIES:Respond to and manage all inquiries in a timely, professional and courteous manner ensuring accuracy of information:Prepare Preliminary Quotes when simple or supporting the Sales Rep when travelingCreate Quotes checking for accuracy, margin compliance and ship to for tax and freight impactSend to client for approvalQuote Revision when applicablePrepare Pro Forma InvoicesReceive Customer Purchase OrderValidate Quote against Client PO (quantity, finish)Confirm Lead time can meet expectation and install date address discrepancy as requiredAcquire accurate Ship To or establish remedy for warehousingAccount systematic managementEstablish and maintain respective Territories Accounts in good standing and initiate merging process in Salesforce and ERP systemWork with Finance to ensure on account funds available for order placementApply for Terms when applicableCoordinate payment and order placementFunds ReceivedPlace Sales Order communicating special handlingOrder Acknowledgement sent to Client establishing point of contactProvide Ship Date when Available for ClientProvide milestone dates, delays and tracking to client ongoing through order life cycleWork with delivery on WG and last leg delivery issuesComplete ordersHandle all Customer Service issues and changes, returns and replacementProvide required information to process returnsLiaise with client to provide timely resolutionFollow up on Installations to insure client satisfactionProject management approach to large installations and bid awardsAnswer incoming calls and warm transferring to Sales Rep or establishing new relationship and taking specification on 'behalf of'Phone coverage supporting entire Contract team and territoriesPrimary contact for answering questions related to all inquiries for the respective territory to achieve client satisfaction and service levels for all inquiresREQUIREMENTS:Ability to work Core Hours: Mon-Fri 8:30-5:30 pm2-4 years of experience in the customer service/project management industryStrong organizational skills and process orientedAction oriented and enjoys working hardAttention to detail; outstanding problem-solving/multi-tasking skills; strong follow through skills; resourceful and creativeOutstanding communication skills, both verbal and written; conveys information in a clear and concise manner; asks appropriate probing questionsDemonstrated ability to maintain composure in all situationsInnovative; constantly seeking ways to gain/build relationships and improve processesProficient in Microsoft Office and able to work in multiple systems at one timeAbility to learn on the fly. Learns quickly when facing new problems; open to change; resourceful in finding solutions; enjoys challenges and unfamiliar tasks. Ability to effectively cope with change; can decide and act without having the total picture; handles uncertainty wellTeam player. Cooperative, easily gains trust and support of peers; encourages collaborationInterested in self-development. Is personally committed to and actively works to continuously improve him/her.Understands that different situations and levels may call for different skills and approaches.College degree preferredSalesforce experience a plus Design Within Reach is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer (Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabilities).PI94148209Apply Here
Regus is the world’s leading provider of professional workplaces on demand. Vision To lead the flexible workplace revolution. Purpose The Customer Service Representative (CSR) in conjunction with the rest of the centre team plays a key role in delivering an exceptional professional and friendly service to all business centre customer, visitors and prospective clients. The CSR is an extension of our clients business ensuring that they are able to concentrate on their work, while we manage their office needs Key Areas of Responsibility  - First point of contact for new and existing customers and visitors therefore providing an exceptional impression and service  - Responsible for the day to day running of the centre and providing services including:  - Managing switchboards; handling calls of various internal /external clients as well as various Regus areas of business  - Managing meeting room booking system  - Preparing offices for move-in/ move-outs  - Responsible for maintaining and troubleshooting basic IT and telecom technical issues, set up and queries  - Resetting Meeting Rooms to accommodate bookings  - Administrative tasks- delivering their mail, answering their phones, sending their packages, ordering their office supplies,  - Procurement  - Demonstrate ownership of the centre to ensure the centre is ‘show ready’ at all times-  - Ensure continual upkeep and standards of business centre to include offices, meeting rooms and communal areas  - Contributes to the overall revenue of the centre by identifying opportunities to promote Regus products and services  - Duties may vary depending on centre needsKey Skills and Experience & Competencies Key Skills  - Exceptional Customer Service skills, including the ability to remain flexible and calm in high pressure or continually changing situations  - Effective and professional communication skills in both local language and English (written and oral)  - Solid organisational skills, including the ability to prioritise and multi task in a demanding environment  - Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook and the ability to understand further programmes to assist in the day to day centre operations  - Ability to operate basic office equipmentCompetencies  - Ability to build and maintain strong working relationships  - Embraces Change  - Takes Ownership and uses initiative  - Good Communicator  - Team Player  - ResilientKey Relationships  - New and existing customers (In-house clients, Meeting Room Clients, Virtual Office Clients)  - Centre team  - Line manager
As America"s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NYSE: TMUS) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company"s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Wash., T-Mobile US operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. It currently serves approximately 58 million wireless subscribers and provides products and services through 70,000 points of distribution.**HIRING FOR SEPTEMBER 20th START DATE**Be confident. Be bold. Have fun.Welcome to the best kind of work, where you can bring your enthusiasm, give your all, and leave each day feeling challenged, empowered, and excited. T-Mobile employees will tell you: there"s nothing like the feeling you get when you make a difference to your customers-and your co-workers. At T-Mobile, we"re looking for a few great people to bring their passion, confidence, and hard work to the job. In exchange, we offer real career growth opportunities in a place where awesome work is rewarded. Right about now, you may be asking yourself: do I have what it takes to succeed in this role? For starters, you"ve got to bring a stellar level of customer focus, a good dose of quick thinking, and a little thick skin. Here"s more of what we"re looking for: You"ve got at least a year of call center experience, or experience in a position where saving or retaining customers was your top priority You"re comfortable on a computer, and know your way around the Internet and basic computer applications A high school diploma or GED is essential Finally, we need people who can consistently show up on-time while bringing their A game to the tableOkay. You"ve seen what we"re looking for and you"re up to the challenge. Here"s what we can offer you in exchange for your amazing work: Competitive base pay plus serious bonus potential for top performers Medical, dental and vision benefits Matching 401(k) Generous paid time-off programs Phone service discounts Education reimbursement Serious growth potential for your career Fun, fast-paced environmentThis is more than a job. It"s a chance to build a career and do work you can be proud of. Come on, what are you waiting for? It"s time to explore an opportunity that could become the job of a lifetime. So apply today! Customer Resolution Professional Retention & LoyaltyReady to step up to a serious challenge? We"re talking about a role where your negotiating skills are combined with the ability to listen and empathize like a pro. In this role, you"re the specialist we look to when we"re faced with the possibility of losing a valued customer. As our last line of defense, you"ll have a direct impact on retaining our customers and reselling our brand to them. Can you see yourself in this kind of clutch position? Great! Here"s more on what the job looks like: Customers call in with problems ranging from devices to service to billing This could also include the request to disconnect their service You kick into high gear, hearing out their issues with true concern You don"t stop there-instead, you think outside the box to come up with creative solutions for long-term resolution for your customers It might mean extending an exclusive offer, crediting their account, or just helping your customer understand why T-Mobile is the best wireless choice Whatever the fix, you"ll use all the tools and resources at your disposal to build customer loyalty and keep the customer in the T-Mobile family Along the way, our extensive training will help you become an expert on all of our systems and productsWe Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law. $('span#TrackingJobBody a').each(function (i, v) { if ($(v).attr('href')) { var href = $(v).attr('href').toLowerCase(); if (href.match("^http")) { switch (true) { case /facebook/.test(href): $(v).attr('mns_rt', 'NonJob-Facebook'); break; case /linkedin/.test(href): $(v).attr('mns_rt', 'NonJob-Linkedin'); break; case /twitter\.com/.test(href): $(v).attr('mns_rt', 'NonJob-Twitter'); break; case /plus\.google\.com/.test(href): $(v).attr('mns_rt', 'NonJob-GooglePlus'); break; case /youtube/.test(href): $(v).attr('data-track', 'Client-Social-Youtube'); break; case /http[s]?\:\/\/([a-z0-9\-\.]{1,}\.[a-z]{2,})[\/]?$/.test(href): $(v).attr('data-track', 'Client-Link-Homepage'); break; default: $(v).attr('mns_rt', 'jobcustomapplyonline'); break; } } } });
Position Information:Sales Support Representative position with a company that gives back and works one-on-one with families in your community. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.We Need:Entry level and senior level applicant who is service-minded and wants to help people, gain experience and earn the money they need.You Will Help Your Community By:- Supporting the needs of people in the community- Managing relationships with new and existing customers- Providing customer service and communicationYou Only Need:- A high school diploma or equivalent- Be a people-person that likes interaction among others- Be independent-minded and flexible- Outstanding communication skillsWho Is American Income?We are American Income Life Insurance Company. We are a significant provider of supplemental insurance and have been helping labor unions, credit unions and associations with their insurance coverage needs. We strive to make a difference in lives of people across the United States, Canada and New Zealand.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at www.ailcareers.com
We are looking for a Customer Service Representative in West Chester, OH.  This is a temp to hire opportunity paying $38K - $50K annually.  Summary: • Receives and processes customer orders.  • Confirms order status back to customer.• Communicates customer requirements to organization to ensure meeting customers satisfaction.• Sends credit applications to customers who are interested in receiving terms.• Works with Sales to open new accounts in Oracle and advises Accounting of this information.• Works closely with shipping department to ensure products are shipped on time• Works with Quality and Regulatory departments to ensure proper documentation is sent to customers• Enters complaints into computer system and generate return authorizations when necessary• Processes billing adjustments when necessary• Sends literature to customers when required.• Performs any other functions as requested by the Customer Service Director• Retrieve voice messages from the customer service extension on a rotation basis.• Retrieve orders from fax machine and distributes as needed.• Work with Accounts Receivable to process Credit Card payments on new orders• Scan and attach supporting documents into Oracle as an electronic filing system• Assist Accounts Receivable to help collect or resolve past due issues• Tracks shipments when requested by customer. Qualifications: • Familiar with Oracle system.  • Experience in a customer service environment.  Food or Flavor experience is a plus. • Strong written and verbal communication skills.• Proven ability to manage and organize multiple priorities.  • Customer focus and sense of urgency.• Professional and friendly demeanor to customers and co-workers.   If you are interested in this position and meet the minimum qualifications for this position please apply now! To view all of our open positions, please visit www.ajilon.com and apply! 
Company Description:   Crown Equipment Corporation, one of the world's largest lift truck manufacturers, offers local support on a global scale with more than 15 manufacturing facilities worldwide and more than 500 retail locations in over 80 countries. Our global sales and service network provides our customers with a local resource for a wide variety of quality material handling equipment, fleet management solutions, warehouse products and support services to meet their needs anytime, anywhere.   Customer Experience Representative   Job Responsibilities: Answer incoming sales inquiry telephone calls. Provide information by phone, through email or by mail. Pre-qualify customer inquiry and disseminate call information to appropriate sales person or department. Make outbound telephone calls.  Log, track and communicate sales call information. Follow-up on sales leads and record sales results. Participate in training activities locally, in the field, & occasionally at the New Bremen, Ohio corporate headquarters. Work within various departments within the branch as needed.   Qualifications: Bachelor degree preferred. Strong communication, organizational, & time management skills required. Strong problem-solving capabilities, strong sense of responsibility & self-motivation, & ability to work in a team environment are necessary. Must be proficient in Microsoft Office. Valid driver's license, good driving record, & the ability to safely operate lift trucks required. Completion of a background check, drug screen, & physical required.   Compensation and Benefits:   Crown offers an excellent wage and benefits package for full-time employees including Health/Dental/Vision/Prescription Drug Plan, Flexible Benefits Plan, 401K Retirement Savings Plan, Life and Disability Benefits, Paid Holidays, Paid Vacation, Tuition Reimbursement, and much more. EO/AA Employer Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
Report this job About the Job Position Information:Sales Support Representative position with a company that gives back and works one-on-one with families in your community. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.We Need:Entry level and senior level applicant or applicant with business-to-business sales experience who wants to help people, gain experience and earn the money they need.You Will Help Your Community By:- Supporting the needs of people in the community- Managing relationships with new and existing customers- Providing customer service and communicationYou Only Need:- A high school diploma or equivalent- Be a people-person that likes interaction among others- Be independent-minded and flexible- Outstanding communication skillsWho Is Liberty National?We are Liberty National Life Insurance Company. We have been helping working-class people fulfill their benefit needs since 1900. That's over 100 years of making a difference in lives of people across the United States.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at www.lnlcareers.com Report Previous Next {"Caption":"","Images":[{"Src":" //media.newjobs.com/mm/xlibnatx/cjt/slider-1.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":" //media.newjobs.com/mm/xlibnatx/cjt/slider-2.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":" //media.newjobs.com/mm/xlibnatx/cjt/slider-3.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":" //media.newjobs.com/mm/xlibnatx/cjt/slider-4.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null}]} ‹ › ×
We currently have an opening for a temporary to hire Customer Service Professional located in Cincinnati, OH.  Customer Service Representative:• Process orders received by telephone, e-mail, fax, or other electronic measures.• Respond to inbound calls received for area and overflow for other regions (back up)• Respond to inbound customer e-mails.• Provide product and/or customer cross information to assist in customer selections.• Ensure consistent deliveries through coordination with other departments.• Route special requirements through the appropriate departments for approval.• Process any special paperwork needed to assist in the quote, order, or return process.• CRM data entry/updates• Back-up receptionist/telephone operator for daily breaks, lunch & meetings.  Assist with incoming calls, incoming/outgoing faxes, greeting visitors, and assisting with any projects while covering the board.Skills:  • High School diploma or equivalent. • Two years of experience with order entry in a manufacturing environment experience strongly preferred.  • SAP knowledge preferred, but not required.• Experience on multi-line switchboard strongly preferred.• Ability to effectively communicate with customers and co-employees at all levels, in both verbal and written form.  • Regular interaction with all internal departments.• Courteous telephone etiquette.  • Ability to deal effectively with a variety of personalities and situations requiring tact, judgment, and poise• Strong technical aptitude and ability to become intimately familiar with products• Good organization and follow-up skills required• Possess the ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks, assignments and projects simultaneously.• Ability to work both independently and as part of a team to support growth• Working knowledge of Excel and Word.• Bi-lingual skills in Spanish or German is always a plus. If you meet the requirements for this position and are interested in this TEMP TO HIRE opportunity, please apply now at www.accountingprincipals.com  ;
Do you enjoy helping others? Are you the “go to person” at work or in your community? Would your friends and family describe you as friendly and resourceful?  We really should talk . . .     The Skills You Bring     Caring about the well-being of customers and associates is at our core, and we want to talk to people who share our passion.  Yes, we are in financial services, but not in the competitive and old-fashioned way you might be thinking.  At Fidelity, customer service is our top priority.  We will teach you the industry but your unwavering commitment to customers and colleagues comes naturally.     The Expertise We’re Looking For   Relationship building skills Commitment to customers Experience in service, healthcare, or hospitality in people facing industries are strongly preferred.   This is a full time hourly position that offers the opportunity for overtime based on the business needs and your availability.     The Purpose of Your Role     You bring your passion, we’ll invest in you.  We offer an industry-leading, paid development program that will prepare you to engage with customers while obtaining your Series 7 and 63 licenses where you will learn all about the financial services industry products.   These inbound phone calls, chats, and email interactions can range from something as simple as an account balance inquiry to the complexity of helping inform difficult financial decisions, but your mission remains the same:  help customers feel more confident, make clearer decisions, and achieve their own financial dreams.      The Value You Deliver     At Fidelity, collaboration isn’t just about working together in our small teams (12-15); it’s about improving lives together.  Our success as a firm is due to the personal responsibility and pride our associates take in getting things just right, and the compassion that drives us to go the extra mile for our customers and each other.  We ask for and act on our associates’ input on everything from busting through customer issues to designing our workspaces.      Your Life     We believe that a balanced life is important. Our benefit programs are designed to help you and your loved ones balance the needs of work, life and family.  Sound too good to be true?  See for yourself and learn more about our benefits offerings: Total Benefits Flyer     Click here for a news story about how we are helping our employees payback their student loan debt:        Fidelity Investments was recognized as the Glassdoor Candidates’ Choice Awards for 2015 and CareerBliss 50 Happiest Companies in 2015.       Apply now to learn more! Company Overview   At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. To do this well, as a privately held company, we place a high degree of value in nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to being an employer of choice. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com   Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer
Location: Cincinnati Regional OfficeAre you looking for a job in a growing industry with new products, new markets and new technology?With locations across the country, Amica Mutual Insurance Company offers opportunities to join this dynamic field with a financially strong and respected insurance provider. Amica, based in Lincoln, RI, is a national writer of auto, home, marine and umbrella insurance. Amica Life Insurance Company, a wholly owned subsidiary, offers a full line of life insurance products.We are recognized as a leader in customer service and credit this success to our 3,500 employees in 44 offices across the country. Our benefits package includes high-quality medical, dental and vision coverage, short-term and long-term disability insurance and more.Our office located in West Chester, OH is seeking an Associate Account Representative. This position involves telephone contact to sell policies and service existing accounts. Candidates should have previous sales and service experience, a professional telephone manner, and the ability to work well with others. Must be able to pass state insurance license exam and meet continuing education requirements.The position requires excellent interpersonal and communication skills and computer keyboard skills (35 wpm) as well as letter writing and computer processing. Previous insurance background is a plus but not a requirement. Comprehensive training is provided.Equal Opportunity Policy: All qualified applicants who are authorized to work in the United States will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, sex, color, national origin, ethnicity, age, genetic information, disability or sexual orientation. The Age Discrimination in Employment Act prohibits discrimination on the basis of age with respect to individuals who are 40 years of age or older. Employees are subject to the provisions of the Workers' Compensation Act.HP15MON16*cb*
 Do you find yourself asking this question?"How am I supposed to have 3-5 years experience if nobody will give me a chance?"If so, look no further. You have found the company that will personally create the future leaders of the event marketing industry. NOW HIRING! Event Team : Customer Service / Marketing / SalesDynamic specializes in marketing and sales for top name companies in the PRO-RACING industry. Our goals are easy: HAVE FUN and MAKE MONEY! We help our pro-racing clients set up, run and manage daily high energy events spanning WA to help their products become household names.  Creating personal relationships is the foundation of our firm. We uphold long-standing relations with our clientele not because we are the biggest, but because we strive to be the best. Plain and simple - Using our direct event marketing methods, we have continuously achieved dramatic results for clients both large and small from many different industries. All openings are part of a marketing business model. The ideal candidates will possess a "second-to-none" work ethic and an unbelievably positive business attitude. We've created a working atmosphere that has not only proven effective, but energetic and fun, so YOU must be too! A big part of our success is based on a foundation of every day being different while having unlimited opportunities - every team member contributes to the expansion of the company. We like to say we 'grow' our team from the ground up! We start all positions at the entry level and give unlimited growth potential whether it be with our events team, sales team or marketing team. Everyone has management potential- we just help bring it out!In order to give you the best chance for amazing results, we will train all of our team members in the areas of:ManagementTeam LeadershipMarketing & SalesPromotional EventsTraining & DevelopmentClient RelationsAccount ManagementFinance & BudgetingBusiness/Campaign DevelopmentNew Customer AcquisitionHuman ResourcesAdministration   RequirementsExperience in event planning, marketing, fundraising, or related degree or equivalent special event experience would be great, but is not mandatoryTop Notch Organization SkillsStrong and professional interpersonal skills to interact effectively and appropriately with all customers at each eventStrong verbal and written communication skills required to manage events and ensure details are clearly understood and properly executedAbility to motivate and influence volunteers to perform assigned duties completely, in a timely manner and consistent with quality standardsMonday-Saturday work schedule; daytime hours  A few majors that will match our availabilities are: Marketing Public Relations Advertising Communications Psychology Business Management / Administration        People from all backgrounds seeking part time or full time opportunities in the following areas are encouraged to inquire about our program: sales, customer service, sales representative, internships, part time, manager, clerical, management, purchasing, administrative, receptionist, maintenance, warehouse, part time, restaurant, office, assistant, hotel, supervisor, general, advertising, writer, graphic, office manager, communications, sales manager, admin, executive assistant, pharmaceutical, food, production, project management, editor, hospitality, professional, bartender, call center, inventory, photography, bilingual, sports, cashier, clerk, distribution, sales management, shipping, waiter, waitress.  Apply if you have the following experience: entry level sales, customer service, manager, marketing, student, accounting, entrepreneur, summer job, entry level, sales, marketing, general, retail, restaurant, hospitality, home improvement, construction, management, administrative, administrative assistant, business development, business, internship, advertising, human 
RESPONSIBILITIES:Our large client in the educational/learning science industry is seeking Customer Service Representatives to join their team in Columbus, OH. This is an exciting team environment that is raising the standard of customer experiences, and provides incentives for their associates based on quality and performance!Responsibilities: Provide one-call resolution assistance to customers via phone or email Provide inbound customer service to customers, which range from school administrators to students that are purchasing and utilizing educational products Provide solutions for placing orders, pricing and availability Research service issues such as invoicing, shipping, billing and creditingREQUIREMENTS: 1-2 years of previous customer service experience (in person or over the phone) Intermediate proficiency in Microsoft Office Applications Strong communication skills both verbal and written
Licensed Property & Casualty Insurance Sales CSRDavid Stanley & Associates, Nationwide Insurance - Hilliard, OhioFamily owned insurance agency is looking for an inside sales account manager to join our team. The right candidate will have prior customer service experience and enjoy helping people manage the risks of everyday life from the unexpected.Responsibilities include: -developing and maintaining client relationships-responding to customer service requests-payment processing -recommending coverage as needed-cross sell auto, home, and umbrella policies-property and casualty license preferred, willing to train right candidateIdeal candidate should have previous experience in the insurance industry, enjoy helping people, be highly organized, detail oriented, dependable, and able to work in a fast paced/high-growth environment.Compensation includes: competitive salary based on experience, bonus opportunities, paid time off, and other benefits available. This position can be either full or part time. Local Candidates Only.      
  Customer Service RepresentativeDescription:Palnet USA is a provider of Wood Shipping Pallets and Third Party Logistics to manufacturers, retailers, and distributers.  PALNET is seeking Customer Service Representatives to be located in our Dublin, OH office.  The Customer Service Representative isresponsible for ensuring customers and vendors are provided timely and accurate services (including pick-up and delivery.) This position is also responsible for the processing of customer orders from the point of initial order placement through the final invoicing of the order.  Responsibilities:Strengthen Customer & Service Provider loyalty by building positive relationships & competently handling day-to-day requests.Provide front-line dispute resolution for Customers & Service Providers.Manage assigned Service Providers and associated customer locations.Train Service Providers and customers using the accounting system.Input Customer orders into the system.Ensure Service Providers made timely delivery/pick-up and are processing orders timely in PALNET systems.Run Daily activity reports to identify anomalies and ensure accurate reporting.Work with Account Managers to collect pricing from Service Providers and complete bid packages. RequirementsMinimum of an Associate Degree.Exemplify a customer-focused, responsive, professional image.  Must be proficient in data entry, Microsoft Office Programs, and general PC activities.Strong Interpersonal & Communication skills, written and verbal.Ability to learn new computer programs and complex procedures and adapt quickly to changes.Strong organizational skills, Ability to work independently, and multi-task. Ability to maintain composure in changing environment and during dispute resolution.
CFBANK Come join our growing team! CFBANK in Worthington is currently seeking a full time Customer Service Representative in an upscale office setting. Customer Service/Sales experience required. Banking experience preferred. CFBANK is an equal opportunity employer. Please send resume to amypierce@cfbankmail.com This listing brought to you by ThisWeek Community News and www.columbusjobs.com/monster.
Sales / Account ExecutiveAbout the JobIf you are a confident and highly motivated individual looking for a great sales opportunity with uncapped earnings and growth potential, join our Sales team at Central Payment! We are seeking energetic and entrepreneurial Outsides Sales Reps to market our credit card processing services and social media tools to businesses across the country.ResponsibilitiesAs an Outside Sales rep with Central Payment, you will identify customer needs in terms of merchant services, digital marketing and loyalty program solutions and suggest Central Payment services that best meet their business needs. You will also conduct periodic customer service and quality assurance visits with your merchant clients to maintain strong working relationships and grow your book of business.Additional responsibilities of the Outside Sales Rep include:Explaining Central Payments bundled credit card processing and digital marketing/loyalty program services in simple, effective and persuasive termsDeveloping and maintaining strong business relationships with business owners in your area, starting with small to medium-size businesses and working your way up to larger businessesCollaborating with your Sales Director to prepare and present competitive sales proposalsProviding first-time customers with a free new programmed credit card terminal and helping to reprogram existing terminalsWorking closely with Central Payment colleagues in Customer Service, Underwriting, Technical Support, Web Development and other departments to meet your sales goalsRequirementsAs an Outside Sales Rep with Central Payment, you must possess exceptional communication, listening and presentation skills as well as a positive attitude. As an independent contractor, you must be driven to succeed and be able to work independently to build your book of business. You must be diligent, charismatic, innovative and customer-service oriented. As a representative of Central Payment, you must project a professional appearance and demeanor to inspire confidence in your customers.Additional requirements of the Outside Sales Rep include:High school degree required; college degree or some college a plusAbility to pass a background checkBasic computer literacyBilingual skills a plusReliable transportationExperience with sales, business development, managing customer relations and/or companies such as Avon, Mary Kay, Vector/Cutco, etc. a plusBenefitsAt Central Payment, we offer limitless opportunities and growth potential to all dedicated and motivated Outside Sales Reps. We provide extensive support and comprehensive training so our Outside Sales Reps can hit the ground running and continue to succeed. Our unique bundled digital marketing and merchant services gives Outside Sales Reps an edge in the field that competitor vendors lack.Additional benefits for the Outside Sales Rep include:Uncapped earnings with upfront cash incentives and long-term residual income based on merchants processing volumeMultiple awards, honors and contests throughout the yearPhenomenal professional training (optional), support with a Sales Director, online tools and live conference callsFlexible hours so you can set your own scheduleProfessional marketing literature, business cards and sales notebooks offeredSuperior online management tools including a virtual office/agent portal environment for client account managementRecession-proof growing industryFor more information about who we are and what we do, please visit our website. We look forward to hearing from you!
Share the challenge of working for a global company by joining the exceptional team at Pilkington!   Currently, our Automotive Glass Replacement division seeks a customer-oriented individual to fill an immediate Customer Service Representative position at our Columbus Service Center in order to support our ongoing priority of assuring excellent customer relations at all times.  The core hours for this position will be 8:00am to 5:00pm, Monday thru Friday. This position is responsible for answering phones promptly and professionally, accurately processing customer orders, handling customer needs, and promoting the Company’s product offering and promotions.  Developing and maintaining good customer relations at all times is the major focus of this position. Primary duties will involve using our computer system for product inquiry, product receiving and order processing, as well as performing various administrative duties as assigned.  Ability to handle a high call volume and efficient multi-tasking is required. We offer a competitive wage based on prior experience and an excellent benefits package including medical, dental, vision and life insurance; vacation time after 90 days; flex spending accounts; a generous 401(k) plan; and educational assistance. To apply, please use the “apply now” function and include salary history/requirements.        EOE M/F/D/V
What The Job Is AboutSales Support Representative position with a company that gives back. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.The Person We’re Looking ForEntry level and senior level applicant or applicant with business-to-business sales experience who wants to help people, gain experience and earn the money they’re worth.Responsibilities- Support the needs of working-class families - Establish new business relationships- Maintain existing relationships and provide ongoing serviceWhat Qualifies You- High school diploma or equivalent- People-person that likes to help others- Independent-minded & flexible- Excellent communication skillsWho Is Liberty National?We are Liberty National Life Insurance Company. We have been helping working-class people fulfill their benefit needs since 1900. That's over 100 years of making a difference in lives of people across the United States.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at www.lnlcareers.com
Randstad, in partnership with a Fortune 100 Best Place to Work, is looking for highly motivated, sales and service driven individuals to join our team at our client work-site in downtown Columbus! The experience gained here could lead to dramatic career growth, continued success, and future roles with our client.Let's talk about Randstad:This is an exciting new opportunity with an innovative company who has a proven track record of career growth, talent engagement, and development. It's time for you to be a part of something much bigger and grow in your career. Randstad will provide the tools, development, and opportunities to get you to that next level - to your dream job. Are you ready to start your career with a Fortune 85 company in the insurance and financial services industry?Highlights:This is a STRONG temp-hire position! Position starts on 3/28. After the first 6 months of employment with Randstad, there is potential for permanent hire with our client, the fifth largest central Ohio employer! During the first 6 months, you're paid a competitive wage of $15.00 per hour, which increases to over $32,000 per year upon perm hire! There will be a PAID, four week training program that prepares you for a long term, successful career.What's your title?Financial Services RepresentativeWhat you'll be doing:- Building meaningful connections/relationships and engage with customers via phone inquires- Educate and provide service to customers on products to support sales objectives- Uncover routine sales opportunities and markets products and financial solutions- Resolves routine errors requiring corrective processing- Reviews, researches, and interprets records and reports to accurately make decisionsWorking hours: The call center hours are open from Monday-Friday from 8am-11pm and Saturday 9am-6pm--Candidates must have open availability during these hours of operationWorking hours: The call center hours are open from Monday-Friday from 8am-11pm and Saturday 9am-6pmSkills:Skills:What we're looking for:--A completed, or nearly completed, bachelor's degree (preferably in business, or a related field)--Candidates interested in building a strong career in sales and service atmosphere with a top employer--Candidates who hunt for innovative ideas and seek feedback to continuously improve performance--A passion and drive to succeed in a fast paced environment--An engaging personality, both in-person and over the phone--One year of solid work experience in a service related field-- Restaurant, retail, administrative, hospitality, etc.--A SERIES 6 LICENSE WILL EVENTUALLY BE REQUIRED.Candidates must have open availability to work from 8am-11pm M-F and Sat from 9am-6pmARE YOU INTERESTED? Contact Charece.Sims@randstadusa.com Please email an updated version of your resume. NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE.Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.
Retail Customer Service Sales AssociateMen's Wearhouse is looking for talented Retail Sales Associate candidates that have a passion for providing world class service to customers and employees.  As a Customer Service Retail Sales Associate you will learn and demonstrate tuxedo product knowledge including sizing, style, and accessory options, accurately complete all appropriate paperwork, and ensure timely and accurate data entry, maintain and update in-store rental/sales information and supplies.  You will support managers, sales consultants, and tailors in meeting and maintaining benchmark sales goals.Responsibilities:Learn and demonstrate tuxedo product knowledge including sizing, style, and accessory optionsAssist in the tailor shop as directed by managementAssist with all customer needs, such as alterations appointments, pick-ups, special orders requests and sales.Properly measure customers and assist in style selectionMeet and maintain benchmark retails sales goalsMarket the store tuxedo rental business by attending bridal shows and marketing to prom customers as directed by store managementRequirements:Thrive in a fast-paced and competitive sales environmentAbility to work a flexible schedule including weekends and holidaysAbility to distinguish between fabric patterns and colorsMaintain a professional, well-groomed appearancePrior customer service experience preferredIf you're passionate about collaboratively driving sales in a fun, team oriented environment, Men's Wearhouse had opportunities for you.  Join our team today at www.tmwjobs.com or Click the APPLY NOW!
We are - an elite medical device company with several years’ success, looking to take it to the next level.We are - a passionate, hardworking, thought driven group of professionals, devoted to the growth of our company and ourselves. We are - committed to high standards as a lifestyle, believe learning is a continuum and absolute team work, where everyone contributes is a must. We are - invested in the future because we know how bright it is.                                                                             You are - an aggressive prospector, with the ability to break into new markets and possess uncanny communication and rapport building skills. You are - an energetic team player, who thrives on challenge and quickly embraces learning new things.You are - a serious competitor, who wants to be rewarded for blowing up quotas.You are - looking for a workplace where you can make your mark and there is REAL potential to grow.If you fit the description above and want to work hard but actually like what you do, plus…have at least one year of Inside Sales/Customer Service experience and know what a CRM is, you might be the next member of our exclusive team. If you’ve got what it takes, please submit your resume and MANDATORY COVER LETTER to: employment@piezosurgery.us. Compensation:  $35,000/annual salary plus incentive for meeting goals. Benefit package which includes medical/dental/vision, 15 paid vacation days, and 10 paid holidays. Professional office in a terrific location.
 Customer Service – Hilliard, Ohio We are currently seeking a Customer Service Advocate for a corporate location in Hilliard, Ohio.  You will be answering customer calls and working with dealerships and manufacturers to secure customer resolutions.  Work with great people and build your career at a world-class, award-winning customer service department with an international luxury brand’s financial division. Responsibilities:You are the main customer contact, and your primary responsibility is to deliver a friendly premium customer service experienceWorking with luxury brand customers requires professionalism and refined communication skillsCalls you take can involve vehicle performance, vehicle production or other customer vehicle questionsThe position requires you to coordinate solutions with dealerships and manufacturers Position Specifics: $15.00/hour Full time hours Monday-Friday between 9 a.m. and 9 p.m. (full time, set schedule) Health, dental and life insurancePaid-time-off (PTO), holiday's off401K and tuition reimbursement availableThis is a world-class company with many advancement opportunities Requirements:1-2 years Customer Service experience (ex. retail, restaurant, call center, sales and banking)Bachelor's degree highly preferred, must have completed high school or equivalentMust enjoy talking to people and solving problems     
About Us:Get the most from your floors with Rite Rug quality, value and selection. Since 1934, we’ve featured the latest colors, styles and floor types in the looks you love, at the prices you can afford.And you’ll get the best in customer service and satisfaction from our expert and professional sales, service, cleaning and installation teams.When you choose Rite Rug, you get the largest selection of residential and commercial floor coverings from the most trusted name in the business.Rite Rug is looking for an Account Manager to join our team in Columbus, OH!  Rite Rug offers competitive wages and a full benefits package.  Job Summary: Employee will enter and order new home selections for installation. Manage accounts to ensure that builder install schedules are met. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following: • Entry of new selections • Order material for installs • Ensure billing is correct • Process change orders • Maintain files • Order job finishes • Perform other duties as assigned • Scheduling of installs • Enter service work orders • Schedule services with homeowners/builders. Qualifications and Requirements: The incumbent must: 1. Have earned a minimum of a High School Diploma or equivalent. 2. Possess and have demonstrated proficient computer experience in Microsoft Office. 3. Be able to multi-task and prioritize the duties required. 4. Exhibit effective oral and written communication skills.
TruGreen® is the nation's largest and most comprehensive provider of lawn services. Headquartered in Memphis, TN, we have more than 245 branches throughout the country. Although we are national in reach and reliability, we have a small company feel as our highly trained professionals live and work in the communities they serve. As with our customers, we are committed to providing personalized attention for our associates. We focus on developing our people by building proud, dynamic teams while helping associates reach their personal and professional goals. We continuously strive to make TruGreen an employer of choice and "a great place to work!" TruGreen is currently seeking a Customer Service Representative. If you set high standards for Excellence, Integrity and Customer Service this may be the position for you. Apply now and learn more about opportunities with TruGreen. Responsibilities • Answers inbound customer service calls, responds to customer emails and surveys. • Resolves customer service concerns after determining root cause of the concern. • Escalates customer issues requiring extensive problem solving. • Uses save training and current save offers to retain customers at every opportunity. • Updates and maintains customer database with accurate customer information and timely data entry. • Upsells services to existing customers based on customer needs. • Provides resolution and timely follow-up with the customers. • Achieves quality standards as outlined in the Quality Assessment form. • Communicates customer impacting trends and/or ideas for improvement to manager. • May perform outbound calls to internal and external customers to schedule applications and/or service calls. Education and Experience Requirements • High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or up to one year related experience and/or training, or equivalent combination of education and experience. • Associate degree from a two-year college or technical school preferred • Computer skills with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint) TruGreen is committed to Diversity and Inclusion. We encourage diverse candidates to apply to this position. We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities To learn more copy and paste this URL into your browser: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf TruGreen performs pre-employment testing.
The Wasserstrom Company is the leading Food Service Distributor in the nation.  Established in 1902, we are a family owned company with our headquarters in Columbus, Ohio. At this time, we have openings for Inside Sales Representatives in our National Smallwares Division Inbound Call Center.  These hours are Monday through Friday, and range between the hours of 8AM to 7PM (schedule may vary).The primary responsibilities of the Call Center are to provide outstanding customer service by answering incoming calls, to process orders in a timely and efficient manner, and to advise customers of product availability and pricing. Will also process returns, resolve problems, and handle inquiries regarding order status in a prompt and courteous manner within basic procedural guidelines.  Must have superior telephone skills.We are looking for qualified candidates, seeking a professional, career-oriented position. We fill our open Sales positions by promoting from within, so this can be an excellent stepping stone to a future career in Sales.  Additional requirements include a Bachelor’s Degree or one to two years related experience and/or training or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Previous experience in customer service and/or the foodservice equipment and supplies field is preferred.  We offer 401(k), profit sharing, convenient free parking and immediate accrual of paid time off.  The Wasserstrom Company is a Tobacco-Free Workplace.  For employment consideration, please complete our online application at www.wasserstrom.jobs. EOE AA M/F/Vet/DisabilityWe are an Equal Opportunity Employer and will give consideration to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.
Customer Service Representative — Tech ClientsThe Job Window is currently looking for an entry level individual with a customer service background for our client's full time Customer Service Representative position. For this Customer Service Representative — Tech Clients position, our client has found that candidates who have worked in retail, restaurant, hospitality or customer service industries excel as they have the people skills to provide the “personal touch" that the company is known for. This company specializes in areas of customer renewal, customer retention and customer acquisition in telecommunications.This firm is the leader in the marketing industry and specializes in tailoring customer service to the character of the client and company culture. Representing the largest telecommunications companies in North America, it is a priority for our client to provide the best customer service with high professionalism and to maintain and build quality relationships. This Customer Service Representative position is full-time and involves in-person interaction with customers.This firm’s niche has been their ability to act as the liaison between major clients and their customers. Through their unique, relationship-oriented approach, they have been able to provide clients tremendous results and an increased market share.This firm prides themselves on their competitive, but extremely friendly and family-oriented work environment. Their culture promotes constant personal and professional growth, based on principles of respect, trust and challenge. They are now striving to train the most capable and skilled individuals to help acquire new clients, grow into new markets and develop new campaigns. They provide full training and career advancement in this globally expanding industry. Customer Service Representative — Tech Client's Required Tasks:Approach customers and understand how needs can be met by products and services offeredProvide exceptional customer service and consultation adviceFacilitate administrative tasks and customer schedulingAdditional tasks as requiredDue to recent expansion, our client is willing to train a highly motivated individual for management, customer service and lead generation opportunities, but they must be willing to train in an entry level position. This Customer Service Representative — Tech Clients opening is ideal for college graduates or professionals with customer service experience looking for a career change because this is an entry level position in a brand new industry.Benefits of the Customer Service Representative — Tech Clients Position:Comprehensive Training by a National ManagerNational and International Travel for Company EventsOpportunity For Community and Charity InvolvementFlexible SchedulingNumerous Advancement Opportunities Qualifications for the Customer Service Representative — Tech Clients Position:Experience in customer service and associated fieldsAbility to adapt to a variety of peopleWinning attitude and dedication to ensuring customer satisfactionPositive attitude and ability to work well within a team environmentBackground in Retail or RestaurantLeadership skills Key Words: Customer Service, Entry Level Customer Service, Customer Acquisition, Customer Retention, Customer Service Associate, Customer Service Representative, Customer Support, Client Support, Customer Relations, Client Relations, Marketing, Marketing & Sales Support, New Business, Customer Renewal, Entry Level Sales, Sales Account Management, Customer Relationship Management, CRM, Customer Service Sales, Hospitality, Customer Satisfaction, Customer Experience, New Clients, Marketing Assistant, Full Time Customer Service
Title Assistant Store Manager - Retail Sales / Customer Service - Columbus Auto req ID 5583BR City Columbus State Ohio Job Category Sales Employment Status Full-Time Job Description Love retail sales, but hate working holidays? Passionate about Customer Service, but hate working odd hours? At Extra Space Storage we offer the best of both worlds! Great retail sales environment without the retail hours! At Extra Space Storage we are the best at getting better and we need engaged employees to join our team as we continue to experience amazing growth. OverviewIs your enthusiasm and passion for helping people contagious?  Why not bring them to a new workplace where you can really make your mark? If you enjoy working with other highly engaged people, a culture that embraces innovation, delivering world class customer service, and the opportunity to grow your career – then Extra Space Storage is the place for you!At Extra Space Storage, the Assistant Manager is critical in creating a welcoming environment, creating the cleanest locations in the industry, and identifying customer needs and exceeding their expectations. Extra Space Storage seeks employees that have entrepreneurial, pro-active, positive attitudes, adaptability to change, and integrity. If you possess these qualities and want to join a dynamic, growing organization, then we are excited to hear from you!Benefits A dynamic growing company Competitive pay and benefits A rewarding work environment Opportunity for advancement Great company culture External Requirements Qualifications Successful candidates come from a variety of environments including retail sales, restaurant, sales associate, and other customer-centered selling roles Energetic, outgoing, customer oriented personality A High School diploma /GED equivalent.  College education a plus Ability to perform light maintenance including: changing light bulbs, and removing debris from storage units Minimum one year Customer Service and/or Sales experience Valid driver’s license with access to reliable transportation Willingness to travel to multiple retail locations External Responsibilities Responsibilities As an Assistant Manager you’ll work alongside your team to maximize sales objectives with each prospective customer via the phone, web or in person at your location. Our team members consistently practice exceptional customer service by welcoming future and current customers in a friendly, enthusiastic and professional manner. Assistant Managers work with customers to identify their needs and provide solutions that will add value to their storage experience. It is retail, so you will get the chance to sell/upsell high quality retail merchandise such as boxes, locks, tape and other moving supplies. Our team members enjoy working outdoors. When not taking care of customers in the office, our Assistant Managers spend approximately 50% of their time walking and tending to the property to ensure the facility is kept to the highest of cleanliness standards. This includes cleaning units, sweeping, mopping, changing light bulbs and other general maintenance duties. Successful Assistant Managers need to be able to perform at a high level without constant supervision, but also thrives in a team environment. Salary Range $10.91-$14.73
Tuesday, April 5, 2016 ContactUS will host an open house conducting on the spot interviews between the hours of 6:00 p.m. through 8:00 p.m. Our location is 3700 Fishinger Blvd., Hilliard, OH 43026. Please arrive with an updated resume and interview appropriate attire.ContactUS has open positions available for Customer Service Representatives and Retention Chat Agents.We offer:·         Paid training.·         Pay incentives and bonuses.·         Excellent benefits package that includes medical/dental/vision/life.·         Paid time off.·         Career advancement opportunities.We are looking for professionals who deliver superior customer satisfaction, have high energy, and are looking to grow with the company.With recent growth we are looking to hire for mid, second, and third shifts. In order to be considered, one day of weekend availability is required.QUALIFICATIONS:·         Education: High school or GED.·         Work Experience: 6 months call center or customer service experience.·         Excellent verbal and vocal skills to others to convey information effectively.·         Computer and telephone system skills.·         A customer focused attitude.·         Ability to type 25 words per minute or greater.·         Flexible team player. 
CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SALES EXPERIENCE WANTED!Customer Service Representative - Sales Services Position Open!If you have great people skills and enjoy working with the public, we want to meet you! The Job Window  is seeking a full-time Customer Service Representative - who is career minded and posses unmatched people skills. This is an entry level opening NOT in a call center environment.  As a result of clients placing a high value on the more personalized approach and excellent customer service delivered by the customer service team, there is a new opening for the expansion of the retail campaign.   Servicing retail giants with a smile and a handshake is why the customer service division has enjoyed unprecedented growth this year. Campaigns are focused on developing and executing unique, and personable advertising strategies designed to generate new customers for clients. This exciting position is not behind a desk in the office, it is within these campaigns interacting with customers directly!  The Goals Are Simple: every consumer must benefit from the promotions, every client must benefit from the services provided and every representative must benefit from the training and team spirit of the company! The Challenge: We are continuously expanding the client base as well as the number of territories covered on a National scale. The current client base is extremely diverse, and operating territories now stack up to 5 across the nation. These growing retail marketing campaigns are in need of customer service professionals that can work on site at the promotional events providing direct customer and client support through promotional techniques.  Customer Service Representative - Sales Services! PositionRequirements: Customer Service Associates work in an environment that is centered on being a part of a team and being included in a family atmosphere.  By bringing together diverse individuals who have an array of expertise, skills and potential, it helps senior management to create progressive promotional event solutions for clients. The Job Window is looking for key individuals to provide customer service and promotional knowledge to the existing and future client base. Join a company that invests in its employees and truly wants YOU to succeed! Benefits of the Customer Service Representative - Sales Services Position:Opportunity For Community and Charity InvolvementFlexible SchedulingNumerous Advancement Opportunities  Qualifications:Experience in customer service and associated fieldsAbility to adapt to a variety of peopleWinning attitude and dedication to ensuring customer satisfactionPositive attitude and ability to work well within a team environmentBackground in Retail or RestaurantLeadership skillsKey Words: Promotion, Entry Level Promotion, Promotions Specialist, Promotions Assistant, Promotional Advertising Associate, Sales, Sales Promotion, Entry Level Sales Promotions, Sales Assistant, Sales Representative, Advertising Associate, Advertising Assistant, Entry Level Sales, Entry Level Sales Promotion, Entry Level Marketing, Corporate Advertising, Corporate Promotion, Corporate Events, Event Marketing, Event Sales, Customer Relationship Management, CRM, AM, AMR, Account Manager, Account Executive, Brand Promotion, Brand Strategy, Marketing Strategy, Sales Strategy, Direct Marketing, Direct Advertising, Sales, Sales Promotions, Field Sales, Sales Management.
“Your Future Starts Here”MAPFRE |Insurance is seeking positive, energetic, top performing individuals with a desire for career growth and expanding opportunities in our Enterprise Contact Center.Customer Service Representative IIJob Summary:This position is with MAPFRE Insurance located in Columbus, OHAs a member of the Enterprise Contact Center, you will work with our internal and external customers to create an outstanding service experience.  This exciting customer focused position includes responsibilities in the area of coordinating first notice of loss claims via telephone and electronically.  Requirements:Ability to navigate and process data using multiple systems and computer screensAverage mathematical skills and aptitudeExcellent oral and written communication skillsAbility to solve moderately complex problems and make decisions within position standardsStrong telephone customer service skills to obtain/provide accurate/complete informationAbility to multi task and shift between tasks with ease and proficiencyHours: 8:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Monday–Friday. This position requires some company holidays to be worked.Benefits: We offer competitive wages and benefits including: Health, Dental, Life, PTO, Holidays, 401(k), Profit Sharing, STD/LTD, Tuition Reimbursement, and a Casual attire environment.Our Employee Value Proposition:We have earned a solid reputation as a “great place to work.” Our employees have stated that we offer the following:Competitive Total Compensation/Benefit PackageFinancially Stable CompanyFuture Career OpportunitiesRespectConvenient Company LocationsJob-Interests AlignmentQuality Management and ColleaguesStrong People Management PracticesQuality Senior Leadership ReputationEmployee Empowerment To view complete job descriptions and apply, please visit  https://mapfreusa.csod.com/ats/careersite/jobdetails.aspx?site=1&c=mapfreusa&id=1094  We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer
Requisition Number 38480BR Title Customer Service Representative Business US - IAR - Mobile Distribution State / Country / Province Ohio City Westerville No. of Positions 1 Job Description Position Summary: Mac Tools is a supplier of professional grade automotive tools and tool storage solutions.  We operate a 50 seat call center designed to provide service and support our Distributor Network in the US and Canada with answers relating to our product availability, pricing and shipment information. In addition, we support consumers, Government, National Accounts and Vocational Schools.  The Customer Service Representative answers inbound calls from this customer group, utilizes our internal knowledge base and internal systems and provides quality information to our callers. This position will be scheduled to work second shift (12:30 – 9pm, Monday through Friday). Essential Job Functions:Answers on average 80 inbound calls per dayUtilizes internal systems such as AS400 / Web / Salesforce to provide service to callersTakes product orders, looks up product information, researches charges and credits to customer accountsOffers products as an addition to our customer’s orders while on the phone as a part of normal phone interactionHandles complaint resolution competently by demonstrating the ability to openly listen, asking questions to clarify requests, relating empathetically and responding in a professional wayQuickly interprets customer, product, and shipment informationDemonstrates strong customer service skills while on the phoneResponsible to continuously improving personal skill sets by gaining knowledge of internal systems and by completing e-learning coursesRepresents Mac Tools in a professional and courteous manner through quality phone conversation and written correspondenceKey Metrics:Call QualityWritten communication qualityAccuracy of work including order input, return input and all correspondence internal and externalPhone productivityAttendanceQuarterly training course completionEssential Skills & Experience:Strong customer service skills including listening, relating, initiative, and focused on providing the customer quality supportSuperior follow-up and cross functional skillsStrong attention to detailAble to adapt and prioritize work to support our customersAvailable to work 2nd shift hours for minimum of 1 yearCompany Information:Stanley Black & Decker offers its employees a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits plan that includes medical, dental, life, disability, 401k, retirement savings, ESPP, vacation, paid holidays, and more!  Only those candidates who are currently eligible to work in the US will be considered for the opportunity.  Stanley Black & Decker is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  EEO Statement All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age, disability or any other characteristic protected by law
At American Family Insurance, we're firmly committed to inspiring dreamers and helping them discover, pursue, and protect their dreams. Located throughout our 19 operating states, American Family’s agents serve as local, expert, and trusted advisors to our customers. Our agencies are prospering and always looking for dedicated individuals to join their operations teams. Our agents are seeking Insurance Customer Service Representatives who are licensed in Property and Casualty to join American Family agencies across the U.S. You will receive training and support as you handle a full scope of responsibilities, including customer relations, sales and marketing, and agency office operations. Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Customer Service Representative – Agency Sales Support  Job Responsibilities As an Insurance Sales Assistant, you will provide customer service to existing clients by answering insurance related questions. You will answer questions from prospective customers and will attempt to sell them our products. You will perform basic data entry, including entering leads, pulling motor vehicle and claims reports, entering new applications, and submitting changes on existing policies. Other responsibilities of the Customer Service role include: ·         Coordinating agency prospecting through direct mail, company prospecting program, and Personal Insurance Reviews ·         Understanding products, procedures and best practices for promoting policy growth·         Achieving individual production goals as established by agent ·         Discussing product offerings with current and potential customers ·         Maintaining high customer service standards to attract and retain customers ·         Advising customer of claims and billing policies and procedures as needed ·         Responding to inquiries, issues, and complaints ·         Administering office practices and procedures ·         Maintaining information in the agency's customer database for future follow up ·         Managing agency correspondence as required ·         Continuing to maintain and develop knowledge of American Family products and services·         Supporting efforts to increase agent business  Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Representative – Agency Sales Support  Job Requirements As an Insurance Sales Assistant, you must be highly motivated, organized, positive, and able to work well in a super-fast paced and challenging environment. You must be able to multitask and deal with high volume sales and customer support. Our agents are seeking candidates who thrive in an exciting environment and are always willing and ready to learn something new every day.  Other requirements of the Customer Service role include: ·         High school diploma or equivalent certification·         Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience, a plus·         Must be Licensed in Property & Casualty·         Willing to obtain Life & Health in order to continue employment with the agency ·         Prior Insurance Sales and Customer Service experience, a plus·         Outstanding sales, business development, and relationship building skills ·         Data entry and typing skills·         Basic Computer skills·         Experience with Windows-based computer applications, a plus·         Ability to learn American Family products, services, and computer systems ·         Acceptable driving record  Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Customer Service Representative – Agency Sales Support  About Us Since our start in 1927, offering auto insurance to farmers in rural communities, American Family Mutual Insurance Company has grown to be one of the nation's largest providers of property/casualty insurance. It's easy for large companies to forget their roots, but we haven't. We've stayed focused on providing personal service, just like our founders. Our caring agents strive hard to meet our customers' unique needs by offering just the right mix of American Family's auto, home, life, umbrella, business, health, and farm & ranch insurance as well as retirement products.  Join an award winning network of opportunity!Apply today! 
Job Description:Administrative/Customer Service - Responsibilities:? Needs very good phone/customer service skills ? Call volume changes on a daily basis up to 100+ calls a day.? Candidate will need to be computer savvy, as the software they will learn has several different screens to look up information, as well where to enter various information? Xerox documents? Filing? Intermediate skills with Excel and Word (Client would like for candidate to be able to write a basic business letter)Requirements:? Attention to detail and accuracy is extremely important ? Client is looking for someone with a positive approach to what she/he is doing so the customers are kept happy? Strong communication skills as employee will be communicating in person and on the phone to answer customer inquiries ? We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status.Job Experience:,
Sutherland Global Services is searching for Work at Home professionals to join ourdynamic team, CloudSource. Join us today if…You are a forward-thinker – working smart, dreaming big, and striving to improveYou are flexible – constantly seeking the chance to develop and grow You are genuine – building relationships and cherishing opportunities to connect You are proactive – never missing a beat You are a teamplayer – meshing with and contributing to a group moving toward a singulargoalYou are Sutherland strong! In all of these positions, our professionals answerinbound calls to provide exceptional support to our clients’ customers.  Some positions also involve email and chat support.As a CloudSource team member YOU will have the opportunity to: - Showcase your awesome multi-tasking skills by interacting with multiple applications at once - Receive paid training to prepare you to meet andexceed all client and company performance goalsCareers atCloudSource include Customer Service, Technical Support, and Sales & Service across several industries including cable TV, Internet, gaming console support, and online retail support to name just a few! Your interests, experience, andqualifications – along with our application and assessment process - willdetermine which position is right for you.What we need from YOU: - A High School diploma or GED (some positions require a higher level of education) - A quiet place to work inside your home - A computer that meets our minimum requirements is required for most of our programs (equipment is provided for some programs) - High speed internet service is required for all of our programs - Solid computer keyboarding skills - Experience in customer service, sales, and/or technical support> We are looking for someone who is ready to succeed in a fast-paced work environment.  If this is YOU, apply today! Home Office Requirements: Your computer and network connectivity will betested during our application/assessment process.
RESPONSIBILITIES:Kforce has a client seeking a Customer Engineer in Minneapolis, Minnesota (MN).Essential Functions: Perform on-site installations, break fix, customer training, and configuration Diagnose and resolve problems related to hardware, software and workflow on customer sites Perform on-site customer training for the operation and proper maintenance Proactively and reactively look for solutions to prevent problems from occurring at customer sites Perform machine-specific calibrations on customer sites including voltage uniformity tests, color registration and print head calibration Educate customers on proper settings, file formats, etc. in graphics software for compatibility Analyze customer workflows and advise them on improvements that can be made to increase efficiency Perform maintenance and troubleshooting on equipment Prepare weekly reports for management regarding visits to customer sites and work performed thereREQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Mechanical/Electronic Engineering and/or Associates degree in a related field 2+ years' experience with digital printing equipment or in the digital printing industry High computer literacy (PC required, Macintosh a plus) Strong customer support skills, effectively dealing with conflicts Excited about technology and has the desire to learn new tasks and technologies Working knowledge of industry standard prepress/design software preferred Ability to work independently on assigned tasks Customer service oriented, punctual and reliable Strong communication skills both verbal and written Ability to perform while under high-pressure situations Ability to manage complex customer problemsKforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
What's in it for you? Start with the paycheck: Customer Service Representatives - Sales start between $12.36 and $15.40 per hour (plus commission)...then, you will have the opportunity to receive an increase after only 6 months! Position reports to a Mobility Sales and Service inbound call center where employees provide outstanding customer service and are responsible for meeting sales goals. Handles customer questions, complaints, and billing inquiries with the highest degree of courtesy and professionalism to resolve customer issues with one call resolution. Offers alternative solutions where appropriate with the objective of retaining customer's business. Handles business transactions in connection with activation of new customer accounts on a computer terminal. Communicates with customers using web-based tools and demonstrates the associated proficiency in typing and grammar. Makes financial decisions to protect/collect revenues and adjusts customer accounts. Will be required to achieve a sales quota. Has broad working knowledge of AT&T practices and operations and demonstrates continued and consistent proficiency in most of the skill sets utilized within the Host Call Center. May assist management with scheduling and tracking of the workforce and vacation schedules in accordance with set Company guidelines and requirements. May assist in training new employees. Performs other duties as assigned by management. GENERAL DUTIES: The essential functions listed below are representative of duties performed by this job title. Duties generally include but are not limited to the following: GENERAL ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS WHICH ARE NORMALLY REQUIRED: Answers customer/client requests or inquiries concerning services, products, billing, equipment, claims, and reports problem areas May be required to work in one or multiple queues/skill sets over various customer contact channels Responsible for improving customer retention through programs and service provided to the customer Utilizes mechanized systems to initiate and complete service orders and handle customer requests Continually maintain working knowledge of all company products, services and promotions Make recommendations according to customer's needs on features, accessories, upgrades and rate plans Utilize operational systems to process purchases of AT&T products and services; i.e. collections, payments for Wireless bills and accessories ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS WHICH MAY BE REQUIRED FOR A PARTICULAR JOB: Administer system functions on all opening, closing, and balancing procedures to according to finance guidelines Will sell and provision wireless services, products, features, equipment and accessories May be responsible for credit/inbound and outbound collections, activations, customer service, E-services, revenue, fraud, business and technical/roaming support inquiries, and other duties as required PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: No physical requirementsRequired Qualifications: At least 18 years of age 6 months experience operating a computer in Windows based environment Availability to work a flexible schedule which includes all hours of call center operation TESTS: Applicants will be expected to pass any assessment associated with the position. TRAINING: Classroom training On-the-job training On-line training SPECIAL JOB REQUIREMENTS: Specific job assignments may require day, evening, weekend or holiday hours. Overtime may be required One year customer service work experience preferred. Excellent communication and computer skills Provisions listed in these Job Descriptions may be changed or modified by AT&T Mobility without prior notice at any time, at the Company's sole discretion. Click here to learn more about this job from AT&T employees! Start here, go anywhere! Hear from call center employees who advanced to other career opportunities within our complany.
Job Description:Government Job/Customer Service Agent Position Features:? Flexible hours/night time hour pay increases? Entry Level Jobs Within Local Government? $150 add'l monthly for Spanish bilingual speakersImmediate need for customer service agents! Are you seeking flexible hours, a healthy and energetic atmosphere, access to jobs within the Government? Good customer service skills are required, positive energy, ability to be present and on time for scheduled hours, typing speed at 35 WPM will be keys to success in this prestigious Government position. Customer Service Agents are responsible for routing calls to different departments, addressing callers concerns, providing excellent customer service, handling calls in a professional manner. This is a Government job and offers insight and access to other jobs within the Government. Great benefits available. Apply for this unique position as a customer service agent today! Candidates must pass a simple typing assessment 35wpm (able to test from home) and pass 2 interviews. Interviews start today! It's not too late!! Contact us NOW in order to be considered. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1058079 Job Experience:,, Clean background checkDiploma / GEDTyping speed of 35wpmYears of Experience Required:
Job Description:This Bilingual Customer Service/ Call Center Position Features:? Industry leading pay? Fun Work Environment? Unlimited Growth Potential? Pay between $30,000-$35,000Immediate need for bilingual customer service professionals who have a desire to work for a stable, industry leading company. We are offering industry leading pay and the opportunity to work in a place with unlimited growth opportunity. Find your career (not just a job) here! We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1104693 Job Experience:,,, Bilingual French or SpanishYears of Experience Required:
Report this job About the Job Want to finally earn what you’re worth? We have a job opportunity for the independent-minded professional. Liberty National makes a difference by helping protect people financially. We also believe in giving back to the communities around us. Our people make us a great company, and we’re always looking for community-focused individuals to join our team.We are currently interviewing entry level and senior level applicants or applicants with business-to business sales experience who want to help people, gain experience and earn the money they deserve. This is a Sales Representative position working one-on-one with families in the community. There is flexibility and room for advancement.5 Reasons To Choose A Job With Liberty NationalYou will be supporting the needs of people in the community and making an impact.You get hands-on training while you manage relationships with existing and new customers.The compensation is very competitive.You can benefit from performance awards, incentives and advancement opportunities.You only need a high school diploma or equivalent, be independent-minded and a good communicator.Liberty National Life Insurance Company has been helping working-class people fulfill their benefit needs since 1900. That's over 100 years of making a difference in lives of people across the United States. See what's going on at Liberty National Life Insurance Company right now. We work hard and play hard.Get to know the people who make our organization successful by visiting us at https://agent-jobs.lnlcareers.com . Take our people's word for it, not just ours. Report Previous Next {"Caption":"","Images":[{"Src":"http://media.newjobs.com/mm/xlibnatx/cjt/slider-new-1.png","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"http://media.newjobs.com/mm/xlibnatx/cjt/slider-new-2.png","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"http://media.newjobs.com/mm/xlibnatx/cjt/slider-new-3.png","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null}]} ‹ › ×
Randstad Technologies is seeking multiple candidates for multiple openings of applications/customer service specialists.If you wish to apply directly or get additional information, please contact Roger.Duckworth@randstadusa.com JOB DESCRIPTIONSoftware Technical Support with Customer Service experience needed!The Client Technical Support Specialist I will be responsible for tier 1 troubleshooting. The Client Support Specialist I will be responsible for all incoming customer contacts through phone, email, and cases. They will provide quick resolution, timely escalation, and ongoing communication until an issue is resolved. Software knowledge and communication is essential for this role.Major Responsibilities/Activities- Provide front line support including phone and case volume for client issue resolution- Follow specified troubleshooting steps to identify root cause of issue- Communicate with empathy and appropriate sense of urgency- Handles incoming Accounts Receivable Payments & E-Commerce purchases- Ability to follow attendance policy and adhere to set schedule- Create and update case tickets in the CRM (Client Relationship Management) database as required to appropriately route issue tickets or questions, and document resolution.- Provide correct and detailed information to relay back to product owners and technical teams- Gain and demonstrate ongoing industry and product knowledge- Work with the sales team and Success team to create the best customer experience possible- Strive for one contact resolution where possible- Handoff success related items to the appropriate team and with sufficient detail to both internal and external stakeholders- Escalate issues to tier 2 with a clear handoff, and communication to clients, as appropriate- Proactively work to prevent future client issues through attention to detail when working through current issue- Gain and demonstrate ongoing process and product knowledge.- Continuously follow up with client on status of issue within Service Level Agreement- Strive to achieve product specialist status with multiple key products- Forge partnership with technical teams to aid in faster resolution of customer issues- Maintain departmental standards for quality & satisfaction metrics- Strive to achieve quarterly goals- Consistently demonstrate the Customer Care motto of "Creating a fun and effortless experience to help people find people!"- Ability to defuse escalated clients and create equitable resolutions to issuesJOB REQUIREMENTSBachelor's degree in Business, Computer Science or applicable field of study preferred.- 6 months of relevant business experience.- Affinity for process improvement- Above average communication skills via phone and writing- Above average organizational and time management skills.- Ability to convey technical solutions in everyday language- Ability to receive feedback and make appropriate changes.- Team player- Above average Business Acumen- Above average level of technical expertise- Ability to overcome obstacles and proceed with positive outlook- Above average understanding of the importance of customer experience- Previous experience with SaaS technical support (preferred)- Desire and willingness to learn every day- Above average multitasking skills
Job Description:Bilingual Spanish or Bilingual French **$14-$16hr**Major Responsibilities:*Answer inbound calls from Merchants with inquiries regarding transactions processed at point-of-sale*First tier level support for technical problem resolution on point-of-sale activation*Professionally address Merchant issues in order to ensure prompt and satisfactory resolution*Provide timely, accurate and courteous responses verbally and via e-mail to internal DepartmentsQUALIFICATIONS\REQUIREMENTS:*High school degree or equivalent.*Strong verbal and written communication skills are critical. *Basic windows computer, internet and MS Office skills are needed.*Minimum 1 year prior call center experience preferred. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1104690 Job Experience:,,Years of Experience Required:
Report this job About the Job Want to finally earn what you’re worth? We have a job opportunity for the independent-minded professional. American Income makes a difference by helping protect people financially. We also believe in giving back to the communities around us. Our people make us a great company, and we’re always looking for community-focused individuals to join our team.We are currently interviewing entry level and senior level applicants who are service-minded and want to help people, gain experience and earn the money they deserve. This is a Sales Representative position working one-on-one with families in the community. There is flexibility and room for advancement.5 Reasons To Choose A Job With American IncomeYou will be supporting the needs of people in the community and making an impact.You get hands-on training while you manage relationships with existing and new customers.The compensation is very competitive.You can benefit from performance awards, incentives and advancement opportunities.You only need a high school diploma or equivalent, be independent-minded and a good communicator.American Income Life Insurance Company is one of the largest providers of supplemental insurance coverage to labor unions, credit unions, and associations. American Income Life Insurance is licensed in 49 states, the District of Columbia, Canada and New Zealand. We pride ourselves on our rapid growth and expansion, superior industry ratings and the difference we make in people's lives. Our life insurance protects the lives of hardworking families.Get to know the people who make our organization successful by visiting us at https://agent-jobs.ailcareers.com . Take our people’s word for it, not just ours. Report Previous Next {"Caption":"","Images":[{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider1.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider2.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider3.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider4.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null}]} ‹ › ×
Our Client in Norcross, GA is seeking full time contractors for both Contract and Contract to Hire positions. Please review the requirements and responsibilities below and apply, if qualified.Responsibilities:Answering incoming calls from customersUpdating account informationResolving customers inquiriesCompleting paperworkOutbound calls to update customers on status Requirements:Accurate Data Entry skills (Over 8,000 KSPH and 40 WPM, you will be tested)At least 1 year in an inbound or outbound Customer Service environmentExcellent written and verbal skillsIntermediate experience with Excel and other Microsoft computer softwareProfessional appearance and positive work ethic #TrackingJobBody p{margin:5px !important;} #TrackingJobBody li {margin:5px !important;}
Randstad at Cobb is seeking a Customer Service Representative for a Wholesale Distribution client in the Marietta area. Come join a family oriented company which is People Focused, respecting and listening to both internal employees and external customers. (Please note that the position is part-time for now, and and has potential to become full-time down the road)Responsibilities include but not limited to:- Maintain goodwill of all existing customers during the processing of all customer orders- Organize and coordinate the most efficient and expeditious handling of customer orders, quotations and special requests- Provide or direct information of a technical nature to customers when needed- Handle any service issues that customers may have- Enter, place and ensure special distribution of sales orders- Provide quotations as needed based on information provided from sales and/or customers- Perform other related duties as assigned by managementWorking hours: 8:00 AM - 12:00 PMSkills:- College degree preferred- Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills- Candidates with experience in industrial markets a plus- Strong attention to detail - Honesty, integrity, and great work ethics a MUST- Strong computer internet skills- Excellent organizational skills- Excellent interpersonal skills to interact professionally with customers and staffRandstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.
Job OverviewPrimary Purpose and Essential Functions: Leads and performs Customer Service functions regarding a specific or assigned number or assigned customers which could include regional, dedicated or National Accounts. Will work in conjunction with other internal departments to achieve territorial balance of capacity and freight while achieving high service levels. Will take total responsibility of ensuring all requirements are met company wide in regards to Customer expectations.Lead two (2) JIT/ high exposure accounts or one major account for Swift and have the skill set necessary to meet customer expectations.Lead and solicit business from a specific or assigned number of customers by using daily available capacity. Serve as an extension of Sales to expand business revenue by exploring all dedicated, rail and logistics opportunities with Customers. Be aware of the system wide balance/imbalance within the Swift network to book freight accordingly.Serve as Customer's first line of communication and refer Customer to the proper departments if/when necessary (i.e. Pricing, claims, etc.) Responsible for managing service issues by researching and coding all applicable service failures in the system to support accurate service reporting. Responsible for monitoring and tracing loads so that follow up can be made to Customers regarding late pickups and or deliveries; as well as any other changes that may occur. Anticipate and facilitate problem resolution on all load issues to meet or exceed total satisfaction of Customers.Commit to and receive detailed customer load information by telephone, fax or electronic tendering, and input all load information into the system accurately to ensure system integrity.Maintains knowledge of customer contractual requirements relative to trailer pools in order to keep turns at the level set to gain optimum utilization of company equipment..Responsible for managing and clearing assigned user discrepancy queue to expedite the billing process to ensure the number of days from e-calls to cash are minimized for cash flow optimization.Responsible for managing EDI related requirements regarding 214 Status releasing or other similar electronic transmissions as required by Customer.Create monthly reports regarding service levels for customers as well as participate on any service oriented conference calls to supply definition.Maintain a positive work atmosphere by acting and communicating in a manner which facilitates the success of business operations in order to meet company and customer requirements.Perform additional duties as assigned by leadership.Skills: Must possess professional skills deemed necessary to interact with Customers on a corporate level including making on-site visits when warranted. Use exemplary telephone skills to present a quality oriented image where the Customer is treated in a consistent, courteous, and efficient manner, so that the impression is one of excellence. Ability to set priorities and to communicate to areas involving changes that could affect daily operations. Keyboard skills, working knowledge of PC and AS400, Excel, Word, ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, excellent time management skills.Education: High School Diploma or GEDExperience Required: Minimum of three (3) years (five years is preferred) Customer Service or Customer Service Relationship experience required preferably in related industry; one (1) two (2) years of internal Customer Service Representative III preferred. Position RequirementsMust possess professional skills deemed necessary to interact with Customers on a corporate level including making on-site visits when warranted. Use exemplary telephone skills to present a quality oriented image where the Customer is treated in a consistent, courteous, and efficient manner, so that the impression is one of excellence. Ability to set priorities and to communicate to areas involving changes that could affect daily operations. Keyboard skills, working knowledge of PC and AS400, Excel, Word, ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, excellent time management skills. Required EducationHigh School Diploma or GED Required ExperienceMinimum of three (3) years (five years is preferred) Customer Service or Customer Service Relationship experience required preferably in related industry; one (1) two (2) years of internal Customer Service Representative III preferred.
Come work for a thriving company! Great opportunity! Must be bi-lingual in German and English.Working hours: 8:30am - 5:30pmSkills:- 2+ Customer Service Experience- MUST be bi-lingual in German and EnglishRandstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.
A CUSTOMER SERVICE JOB … that might become a career As a customer service representative at SYKES, you can literally start with the basics... answering calls and other inquiries, building solutions to a variety of customer questions, concerns, or issues, and end up building a career with SYKES. It just might be the toughest job you’ll ever love. We Need…High school diploma or equivalentMinimum 18 years of age +Strong computer skillsCustomer-service orientationOutstanding communication & interpersonal skillsStrong evaluation and analysis skillsWe Love…1 years previous service experienceFinancial backgroundPost-secondary educationPhenomenal attitudesExcellent attention to detailsTeam PlayersYou’ll Receive…The satisfaction of helping people and building solutionsFun team environmentTraining, coaching and support to help you succeedGood pay and benefitsCareer advancement opportunitiesJOIN OUR TEAM Caring for customer needs can be a challenging, yet rewarding career. Our business is people serving people, that’s why we are striving to be a people-first culture… we believe taking care of our own employees is the foundation to providing a superior customer experience. We want you to be successful… Working in a SYKES call center, you’ll have the tools and the support to become a valued team member, while enjoying a fun team environment and the agility to live the life you enjoy outside of work. At the end of the day, you will know how you have helped and be able to take satisfaction in a job well-done. SYKES is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. EEO/AA/M/F/Vet/Disability Apply Today! 
Now Hiring!! Randstad is currently seeking PART-TIME Customer Service Representatives for Whirlpool in West Knoxville. Having been in business for over 100 years, Whirlpool ranks as a Fortune 200 company and leader in the appliance industry. Qualified candidates should have an interest in becoming long-term employees with Whirlpool, as this is considered to be a temp-to-hire role. This role involves business-to-business communication with "Trade Customers". The "Trade Customer Support Specialist" will be responsible for assisting these businesses with various customer service needs regarding appliance orders, deliveries, and general inquiries. This is a business-center environment and will require continuous phone use and the ability to comfortably navigate computer systems for data entry and order processing. The ability to work both independently, as well as part of a team, is important for success.Working hours: Must be available from 7:30am-7pmSkills:POSITION REQUIREMENTS: - Minimum of 2 years customer service experience - 2 or 4-year degree is preferred, but not required- Positive attitude and work ethic - Microsoft Word, Excel, and general computer skills - Interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills - Analytical and issue resolution skills - Demonstrated ability to multi-task and successfully manage detailed work - Communication skills, critical thinking skills, and organizational skills - Tact, courtesy, and social sensitivity - Ability to exemplify a sense of urgency - Ability to work within a team-focused and friendly environmentADDITIONAL DETAILS: - Position is Temp-to-hire (partially determined by performance and attendance)- Available to work any shift between 7:30am-7:00pm (Monday - Friday) - 40 hours per week, with occasional opportunities for voluntary overtime- Starting pay rate is $11.44 an hour with an increase at time of conversion to Whirlpool- Benefits are available through Randstad until converted to Whirlpool payroll- 2-3 week training program with required daily attendance Please apply online AND also copy/paste the following address into your browser to begin the interview process for this position: https://interview.harqen.com/interviewnow/12412/6499 Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad.
HELP WANTED Need Telemarketing/ Customer Service Agents * Paid Training * Paid Weekly * Hourly Plus Commission This is an opportunity you won't want to miss!! Call Mary Monday-Thursday 10am - 4pm to schedule an interview. 702-826-5454 EEO WWW.VACATIONVILLAGE RESORTS.COM Provided by The Las Vegas Review Journal
Job Type Full-time Location Las Vegas - Las Vegas, NV 89146 US (Primary) Category Retail Branches Essential job duties/responsibilities: Rank as #12 of America’s 100 Best Banks by Forbes in 2016! Come join Cathay Bank and be a part of a successful organization that values Integrity, Strategic and Effective Leadership, Exceptional Employees, and Extraordinary Services to Customers.  Our employees play an integral part of our missions to be a bank with an open door and the premier financial partner to our customers and assist them in reaching their financial goals and dreams! In 1962, Cathay Bank opened for business with the mission of providing financial services to the growing but underserved Chinese-American community in the greater Los Angeles area, thus becoming the first Chinese-American bank in Southern California.  Recognizing that the community it served was part of a more diverse one, Cathay Bank adopted the motto "An Open Door for All."  Its rapid expansion was fueled by successive waves of immigration, burgeoning trade between America and Asia, and the economic development of the surrounding community. Today, Cathay Bank is a subsidiary of Cathay General Bancorp (NASDAQ: CATY), a publicly held bank holding company with over $11.5 billion in assets as of December 31, 2014.  Its service network extends from California and Washington on the West Coast to Nevada, Texas, and Illinois, and New York, New Jersey, Maryland, and Massachusetts on the Eastern Seaboard.  Overseas, it has a presence in the three important commercial centers in the Asian-Pacific Rim - Hong Kong, Taipei and Shanghai. GENERAL SUMMARY Responsible for supporting the branch sales goals while overseeing all aspects of customer service levels and branch operational integrity.  Responsible for personnel administration, staff development as well as the service driven sales culture of branch banking. Promote, implement, and ensure quality customer service. Provide operational support to areas involving business development and portfolio administration. Support customer retention and acquisition programs by partnering with related Cathay department colleagues to proactively provide services for customers.  Ensure regulatory compliance and staff adherence to bank policies and procedures.  Maintain operational integrity of the branch. DIRECT REPORTS The incumbent supervises FSR(s) and all Operations staff (depending on the branch’s staffing requirements) ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Service & Sales Responsibilities Interact in an effective and professional manner with all levels of bank personnel, corporate and bank clients demonstrating commitment to quality and extraordinary customer service Ensure staff are actively profiling customers during new account and teller transaction process to identify cross sell opportunities to meet customer needs/requirements Responsible for developing and tracking individual performance goals. Develop coaching and mentoring process for staff to ensure their performance meets bank customer service, sales, and operational requirements Establish and manage achievement of assigned team and individual sales production goals Collaborate with Branch Manager / Relationship Manager in support of prospect and customer calls to develop customer onboarding plan, including set-up of products and services Support business development colleagues, and perform marketing activities as needed in efforts to achieve branch growth and profitability goals May register as MLO (Mortgage Loan Originator)- based on branch/market needs, to support loan inquiries, interview loan applicants, and assist with loan related functions Represent the bank by actively participating in outside civic/community affairs, business/ industry-related organizations and other professional activities as appropriate  Operations, Management & Administration Responsibilities Direct the operations functions of the branch. This encompasses the full knowledge of branch functions which include- new accounts, teller operations and safe box.  The incumbent acts as the resident expert on procedural, risk and regulatory functions within the branch Ensure that the branch consistently complies with all bank policies/procedures, banking regulations and meets satisfactory audit rating.  Implement appropriate controls and oversight for any identified deficiencies Ensure sound operating conditions are maintained in the branch by utilizing the daily and monthly operational and reporting reviews along with completion of required branch certifications Perform staffing evaluation to ensure appropriate levels of staffing and skill sets in support of customer service requirements.  Work with Branch Manager and Regional management on effective staff deployment and utilization Ensure performance reviews/evaluations of the branch’s non-officer staff and officers as assigned, are completed timely, objectively and with proper emphasis on individual development, coaching skills, customer service skills and sales/referral activities Recommend hires, transfers, terminations, salary adjustments, performance standards and reviews.  Approve employee daily time records, work assignments, vacations, sick pay, etc. May serve as Safety and/or Security Officer for the branch Minimum qualifications/requirements: College degree a plus. Three to five years’ experience in a similar capacity with management/supervisory responsibilities. Comprehensive knowledge of all aspects of branch service functions.  Thorough knowledge of bank policies and procedures.  General knowledge of complex support systems, branch efficiency and productivity, and personnel policies and procedures. Direct sales experience desired. Computer experience (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook) required. Good management skills with emphasis on planning, organization and scheduling. Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Bi-lingual English and Chinese (Mandarin or Cantonese) preferred. It is the individual responsibility of every employee to maintain a current awareness and understanding of appropriate banking laws, regulations, internal policies and procedures, and to comply fully with those laws, regulations, policies and procedures. From time to time, employees may be assigned tasks or duties as deemed appropriate by their supervisors. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed, as an exhaustive list of all responsibility, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. EOE. Veterans/Disabled div.form-group{padding:5px 0px 5px 0px;}
We are looking for enthusiastic, career-minded, motivated individuals to become independent insurance sales representatives, working in a professional business-to-business sales environment. As an independent insurance agent representing Aflac, you’ll have the opportunity to build your own business and enjoy a flexible work schedule, while being backed with the support of a Fortune 500 company and industry leader. Key Responsibilities: •Use your networking and consultative skills to help CEOs, business owners and HR managers determine which voluntary benefits programs suit their employees best•Provide service for policyholders•Retain current client relationships Benefits:•High brand awareness, supported by national advertising campaigns• Professional sales support from a friendly headquarters staff•Orientation, online and hands-on training, and certifications •Professional marketing materials •Competitive commissions & vested lifetime renewals•Generous stock bonus program•Management opportunities for qualified candidates Qualities of Aflac Benefits Consultants:•Desire to work with the leading provider of voluntary benefits at the worksite•Vibrant personality and professional presence•Drive and determination •Desire to help others•Entrepreneurial spirit•Bachelor’s degree preferred, but not required About UsWhen a policyholder gets sick or hurt, Aflac helps make a difference by paying cash benefits fast. For nearly six decades, Aflac insurance policies have given policyholders the opportunity to focus on recovery, not financial stress. In the United States, Aflac is the leading provider of voluntary insurance at the worksite. In Japan, Aflac is the number one life insurance company in terms of individual policies in force. Aflac individual and group insurance products help provide protection to more than 50 million people worldwide. For eight consecutive years, Aflac has been recognized by Ethisphere magazine as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. In 2014, Fortune magazine recognized Aflac as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For in America for the 16th consecutive year. Also, in 2014, Fortune magazine included Aflac on its list of Most Admired Companies for the 13th time, ranking the company number one in the life and health insurance category. Aflac Incorporated is a Fortune 500 company listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AFL. To find out more about Aflac, visit aflac.com or espanol.aflac.com.
Sales Management TraineeLooking to use your skills with an industry leader? In the Enterprise Management Training Program, you can use those talents on a daily basis as you interact and do business with customers and business partners alike. You’ll also be taught how to lead a sales team, be responsible for P&L, and develop a plan to grow the business – all while honing your management, customer service and communication skills. You’ll have real responsibility from day one in all aspects of the business. And with our performance-based promotions, you’ll have real opportunity as well. Join the company that has repeatedly been recognized as a great place to launch a career. This is where it all starts.Entry-Level Sales Management Training Program Opportunities at EnterpriseThe chance to run your own business and share in the profits you help createHighly marketable skills and training in business, management, marketing, sales and serviceRapid promotion based on performanceA fun, team-oriented work environmentDuring your first year, you'll learn valuable business skills from capable mentors who were once in your shoes. Nearly 100% of all our managers and corporate executives started out as Management Trainees and helped define their own career path that took them to where they are today. Day-to-day responsibilities include actively participating in everything from sales, marketing and customer service to operations and finance. As you progress, you’ll be evaluated every step of the way. And upon successful completion, you can expect rewards, pay increases and the opportunity for continued promotions. Thanks to our entrepreneurial philosophy, there’s absolutely nothing holding you back. Your own initiative and capabilities, coupled with your ability to think on your feet and market effectively, will dictate how fast you advance.Qualifications include: Bachelor's Degree requiredMust have a minimum of 12 months of experience in any combination of sales, customer service, management/supervisory experience, organizational leadership or as a student or professional athlete.Must have a valid driver's license with no more than 2 moving violations and/or at-fault accidents on driving record in the past 3 yearsNo drug or alcohol related conviction (DUI, DWI) on driving record within the past 3 yearsMust be at least 18 years old.Must be authorized to work in the United States and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future.Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled
Customer Service Associate Maximize sales by building multiple sales i.e, clothing, shoes, handbags/accessories. Establish repeat clientele by keeping a clientele record and writing thank you notes to customers daily Handles each customer in a courteous and gracious manner with an attentive response to all customers. Must have complete knowledge of the store's stock in clothing, shoes, T-shirts, gifts, souvenirs, sundries, etc. Keep inventory neatly folded and organized by sizes, merchandise zipped, buttoned & hung properly, displays & shelves clean, neat/organized. Assists with inventory and receiving of merchandise Replenish backstock to maintain appropriate levels of merchandise on the floor. Communicates with manager regarding levels of stock on the floor and in backstock. Markdown merchandise as directed. Resolves problems that may arise, i.e., distribution errors, markdowns, prices, etc. Performs other related tasks/responsibilities as required to maximize store profitability in a satisfactory manner. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE Previous customer service experience in fast paced environment and or training: or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred. Apply online at http://www.marshallretailgroup.com/careers Provided by The Las Vegas Review Journal
You’ll be working alongside our Digital Sales team to provide a wholesome, enjoyable experience for everyone of our online visitors and customers. Responsible for the timely resolution of all questions, comments and issues, our Experience Experts will handle incoming contacts through multiple channels and cover a variety of scenarios.   Some customers will come to us knowing exactly what they want while others will need help creating a schedule of orders that makes sense for their pet’s needs. While you must be able to respond to everyday requests such as order changes and delivery inquiries both quickly and accurately, the ideal candidate will also be able to solve customer problems when solutions aren’t obvious and require critical thinking.  We are looking for individuals who can do the “easy stuff” but can also rise to the challenge of handling more complex issues and drive continuous improvements in the customer experience.Not everyone is a fit for this job - we have specific values that we live and operate by, and expect each new employee to hold those same values.  We strive to make PetFlow a great place to work, and we do this by being transparent with one another from the top down, setting and achieving our goals, providing a great experience for our customers, and by having a ton of fun doing it!  Anyone that is brought on board is expected to believe in and be fully committed to embracing these values.ResponsibilitiesLearn the basics of our customer service operationsMaking changes to customer orders and profilesInvestigating problems by researching order history and troubleshootingKnowledgeable about our services and product offeringWalk customers through site navigation, including checkout and product searchRespond to a high volume of inbound phone and email contactsFrom order changes to order cancellations, your responsibilities cover a vast range of subjects and requestsAttempt to save every cancellation request we get, using the tools provided in our platformsYour performance will be graded based on your cancellation saves performance, quality scores and a host of other metrics.Report bugs, issues and suggestions whenever necessaryParticipate in product and brand training sessions (in office) to advance your product knowledge.  Anything and everything else that may fall onto your plate; you’ll be expected to be nimble, intelligent and ready to tackle any changes, challenges or new tasks that come your way.RequirementsMUST be a pet owner2 years customer service experienceSales experience a strong plus!Strong written and oral communication skills with a personable, patient demeanor - our experts should make the customer feel like they are talking to a knowledgeable fellow pet owner who cares about their pet’s needs.Strong and intuitive computer skills; our system requires multitasking between a few different platforms with speed and efficiency. 50 wpm minimum.Legitimate ability to multi-task is required; we navigate multiple screens and systems on each contact and speed and proficiency is a must.A genuine love for animals.  To communicate with our customers well, you must understand the pet owner’s perspective.  Providing great experiences starts with understanding the underlying emotion felt by the customer.Willingness to adapt to new technology and new systems/platforms.  As a growing company, we’re constantly analyzing our operations and looking for ways to improve our service.  We need a team player who is flexible and ready for change on a moment’s notice.What You’ll GetYou’ll be at the core of the founding team for our West Coast office - you’ll have the ability add creative input from day 1.We insist on really good people - we’re offering very competitive pay to create the best team we can.Stock Options - we believe that the people who help to build a company should have ownership stake as well.Full time benefits plan, including medical, dental and visionSpending time with great people is a value for us, and we think it’s a huge part of having fun at work. We strive to create an environment that thrives on intellect and encourages thought.Team outings and Thursday happy hour!Company DescriptionPetFlow is a New York City based retailer that sells dog and cat food and has relationships with customers all over the country.  PetFlow’s values are simple - we believe in good foods and good deeds.  We believe in cultivating a strong sense of compassion and karma by doing good deeds for pets across the country, and by providing pet parents with the best possible choices for their furry family members. It’s an extremely exciting time to be a part of the team here. We’ve recently established our first ever west coast office in Las Vegas, Nevada.  We anticipate our Las Vegas operation being the core of our customer experience efforts and initiatives, and new employees will be getting in on the ground floor of an operation that will bring a ton of opportunity and growth.APPLY HERE: https://www.hireart.com/jobs/55089dd4/apply
Hiring Event / Open House Customer Service Representative Travelers Insurance is growing and so could YOU! Travelers is one of the nations leading insurance service organizations and were looking for Customer Service Representatives with backgrounds in the customer service and/or restaurant industry to join our team in Knoxville. If you are a driven individual that is passionate about reaching goals join us at our open house job fair for INSTANT interviews on: Tuesday, April 12th, from 8:00am - 2:00pm Wednesday, April 13th, from 12:00pm - 7:00pm Travelers Insurance 1101 Corridor Park Blvd Knoxville, TN 37932 865-777-6334 Our Knoxville business center is seeking qualifi ed applicants who enjoy working within a team and demonstrate strong communication and problem solving skills, as well as the ability to multi-task in a fast paced call center environment. Hours: 10:00am 7:00pm Salary: Competitive compensation with quarterly incentive opportunities. Great benefi ts, including medical, dental, life, and vision coverage beginning day one; 401(k) plan with company match, pension plan, and paid vacation/holidays We maintain a high energy culture that encourages your development through training, individual coaching, and dedicated employee support. For more information visit travelers.com/careers Job Number 6614BR Walk-ins are welcome during our open house job fair hours. Posting provided by:
Looking to Build a Career??Top pay for Quality StaffExperience Rewarded but not NecessaryMany Positions available from entry levelto Senior Management. Benefits:Paid VacationsMedical InsuranceDental InsuranceVision Insurance AdminData EntryCollectionsAccountingDrivers (Experience Driving Passengers / Clean DMV Printout Required)Customer CareFinanceReception Talented applicants, please apply in person on Monday between 11 am and 4 pm@ 101 Convention Center Drive Ste 200 Las Vegas NV 89109or email your resume to jcoleman@tlcresorts.comProvided by The Las Vegas Review Journal
We are looking for enthusiastic, career-minded, motivated individuals to become independent insurance sales representatives, working in a professional business-to-business sales environment. As an independent insurance agent representing Aflac, you’ll have the opportunity to build your own business and enjoy a flexible work schedule, while being backed with the support of a Fortune 500 company and industry leader. Key Responsibilities: •Use your networking and consultative skills to help CEOs, business owners and HR managers determine which voluntary benefits programs suit their employees best•Provide service for policyholders•Retain current client relationships Benefits:•High brand awareness, supported by national advertising campaigns• Professional sales support from a friendly headquarters staff•Orientation, online and hands-on training, and certifications •Professional marketing materials •Competitive commissions & vested lifetime renewals•Generous stock bonus program•Management opportunities for qualified candidates Qualities of Aflac Benefits Consultants:•Desire to work with the leading provider of voluntary benefits at the worksite•Vibrant personality and professional presence•Drive and determination •Desire to help others•Entrepreneurial spirit•Bachelor’s degree preferred, but not required About UsWhen a policyholder gets sick or hurt, Aflac helps make a difference by paying cash benefits fast. For nearly six decades, Aflac insurance policies have given policyholders the opportunity to focus on recovery, not financial stress. In the United States, Aflac is the leading provider of voluntary insurance at the worksite. In Japan, Aflac is the number one life insurance company in terms of individual policies in force. Aflac individual and group insurance products help provide protection to more than 50 million people worldwide. For eight consecutive years, Aflac has been recognized by Ethisphere magazine as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. In 2014, Fortune magazine recognized Aflac as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For in America for the 16th consecutive year. Also, in 2014, Fortune magazine included Aflac on its list of Most Admired Companies for the 13th time, ranking the company number one in the life and health insurance category. Aflac Incorporated is a Fortune 500 company listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AFL. To find out more about Aflac, visit aflac.com or espanol.aflac.com.
Ready. Set. Work.Job Fair 2016Customer Service & Sales Jobs Await you atthe Las Vegas Review-Journal Job Fair  Hundreds of Job Available!Wednesday, June 15, 201612 Noon to 3:00 P.M. Palace Station Hotel & Casino2411 W. Sahara Avenue | Las Vegas, Nevada 89102Your New Job is Waiting!
Do you have experience in the RESTAURANT, RETAIL or HOSPITALITY industry and are looking for a CAREER rather than just a job?The Job Window is hiring a Customer Service & Client Relations Associate on behalf of our progressive marketing client in the Las Vegas area. This firm is looking to build its organization around a high-energy, hardworking individual with excellent customer service and communication skills. This firm respects the high level of people skills and hard work it requires to succeed in the customer service industry and they are looking for that experience to aid in servicing clients through creative marketing and promotional solutions.No more shift hours or doubles! No more relying on the tips that people give you!Our client is the leading marketing and advertising firm in Las Vegas. They work with clients from leading industries across the country with a strong focus in the promotional retail marketing industry! This firm has an internal training program where they create the next generation of branch managers from within! Our client is in immediate need of a Customer Service & Client Relations Associate who is passionate about sales & marketing, advertising, and promotions to help manage new campaigns and acquire new clients.Responsibilities of the Customer Service & Client Relations Associate:Interact with consumers and represent clients in some of the nation’s largest retailers to promote products and create a positive brand experience.Proactively identify new customer service techniques to increase brand loyalty and increased profit.Demonstrate key features of products on behalf of a large portfolio of consumer accounts.Collaborate with Client Relations Manager to support marketing campaign objectives.Complete subscription transaction paperwork to initiate or update any customer subscription setups, changes, etc.The Customer Service & Client Relations Associate should be a highly personable, ambitious, and proactive leader looking to excel within an entrepreneurial environment. Extensive training and full support of the management staff is provided. This is a career path that will require a high level of dedication and commitment from the candidate, and in return will result in great experience, accomplishments, and financial freedom!Stop working double shifts and start working for a company that offers:Advancement opportunities from entry level into human resources, management and consulting.Fun & exciting team environment.Full paid training.Fun company events and opportunity for travel.RequirementsQualifications of the Customer Service & Client Relations Associate:1-2 years’ experience in customer service, retail, restaurant/food service, sales, hospitality, and other customer service associated environments providing front-line, interactive customer support preferred.Understanding of customer service and promotional fundamentals including product positioning, pricing, market research, and distribution preferred.A positive and cheerful attitude towards customers and their requests.An ability to clearly communicate with other team members.Well organized with a high attention to detail.If you're tired of rotating shifts, no growth, or "Last Call" hours... Let us be your answer! For immediate consideration, submit your resume by hitting the APPLY button! Thank you for your interest and good luck!
Job Description:This call center representative Position Features:? Opportunity to travel to South America? Great commission potential? advancement opportunityTerrific opportunity for a professional individual ready to move ahead in a great career. As a customer service/sales representative you will be responsible for working with existing customers to increase current business, attend trade shows and follow up on leads and provide excellent customer service. Experience in customer service/sales, ability to communicate effectively and the ability to work well under pressure will be keys to success in this position. Must be able to speak, read and write Spanish fluently. Top compensation and a rewarding position that offers opportunity for advancement, great pay and a friendly environment. Apply for this great position as a customer service representative today! We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1032375 Job Experience:,, sales, outbound customer service, Spanish
LOCATION: Middleton JOB TYPE: Contract to Hire - Full Time SHIFT: First Shift JOB ID: 85720 PAY: $13.00 PROFESSION: Customer Service/Sales DATE POSTED: 5/6/2016 Summary: Seeking a Customer Service Representative to join our client who specializes in offering a variety of programs to participating employees. The person in this role will answer questions by responding to incoming phone calls and/or emails from participants. This is more of an entry level role so ideal candidates will have a few years of customer service experience, as well as proven ability to handle complex and potentially escalated problems with a positive resolution. Must feel comfortable working in a call center / fast paced environment. Customer Service / Call Center Reps who are bilingual in English and Spanish is a plus! No weekends! This contract to hire opportunity offers full time hours Monday through Friday from 8:30am-5:00pm. A nice company culture with opportunity for growth, plus a nice benefit package is available. Pay will start at $13.00 per hour, and will increase for anyone who is bilingual. A comprehensive training is provided on all programs offered so no experience in our client’s industry is required. Responsibilities: Answer account questions in a positive, friendly and professional manner Explain benefits to participants/customers seeking information Process pertinent information regarding benefits that will be mailed out Perform related duties as required Qualifications: Minimum of 0-2 years of customer service experience Solid typing / data entry scores Proven ability to handle complex, and potentially escalated problems with a successful resolution Ability to write routine reports and correspondence Knowledge or experience with COBRA, Section 125, Section 105 or Health Related Field is preferred, but not required Associate’s degree or equivalent is preferred, but not required Successful passing of a background check is required M2
Job DescriptionAre you a dedicated, enthusiastic and energetic individual looking for a full or part time opportunity where you can grow your career? If you want to work with people who are passionate about what they do, then look no further and join us!ABOUT THE COMPANY: DialAmerica is one of the nations largest teleservices companies. Headquartered in Mahwah, New Jersey DialAmerica has 21 call centers located throughout the United States. Today we have both inbound and outbound calling campaigns for over one hundred Fortune 500 clients, providing customer care and sales solutions to their existing and prospective customers. ABOUT THE POSITION: We are hiring Call Center Representatives to work with our industry-leading clients. We have both sales and customer service positions available, with full and part time opportunities depending on the program. Some of our programs also have bilingual opportunities, so we're always looking for individuals who fluently read AND speak Spanish and English. As a Call Center Representative, you will be responsible for speaking with our clients' new or existing customers to discuss new products and services or to assist them with the services they already have. We offer a professional office environment and a team-based, family atmosphere. At DialAmerica, our difference is our people, and we show it every day! We are currently interviewing candidates for the following positions: * Full or Part Time Telesales Agent – SiriusXM Radio * Full or Part Time Customer Care Agent – Adult Continuing Educational Opportunities * Full or Part Time Bilingual (Spanish & English) Customer Care Agent – Early Childhood Education Job RequirementsJOB RESPONSIBILITIES: - Contact our client's new or existing customers on either an inbound or outbound basis - Maintain a thorough knowledge of our client's products and services - Utilize call management systems on either a scripted or non-scripted call.  - Meet performance goals related to schedule adherence, call quality, and efficiently handling each call.  - Capture data accurately and quickly while navigating multiple computer applications.WE OFFER: - Weekly Pay & Direct Deposit - Customer service programs with guaranteed hourly rate and flexible schedules - Sales programs with hourly base commission opportunities - Healthcare Coverage plan is available after 3 months. - 401K Plan  - Referral Bonus Program - Supportive & Motivating Staff to help you succeed - Professional & Upbeat Office Setting in a family atmosphere - A fun and motivating work environment Job Requirements- Excellent verbal communication - Bilingual representatives must speak and read English and Spanish clearly and fluently.  - Able to comfortably navigate several windows and capture data while engaging the customer. - May be required to retain complex product information and pass several training assessments - May be required to pass a background check and drug screen - Must be able to reliably commit to scheduled hours required for selected program. SCHEDULE REQUIREMENTS: - FT or PT Outbound Sales Hours of Operation - 9am-10: 30 pm Mon-Fri and Saturday 9am-5pm - FT or PT Bilingual Customer Care: Availability between 10am-10pm including Saturday - FT or PT Customer Care – Availability 4:30 – 10pm Monday – Thursday and Saturday 10am – 3:30pm  
ENTRY LEVEL~ FILLING IMMEDIATELY!!! Degree...No Experience?  Experience... No Degree? FULL PAID TRAINING PROVIDED!CUSTOMER SERVICE MARKETING CAMPAIGN DEVELOPMENT/ PR ADVERTISING  MANAGEMENT / ASSISTANT MANAGEMENT We are looking for people with potential and an ambitious drive, rather than experience, to aggressively expand in the area! We have an aggressive expansion plan laid out and are looking to find a person who would love to work in a, fun, competitive, positive-minded environment. What We Do:  WE ARE AN OUTSOURCING CUSTOMER ACQUISITION FIRM! That means our clients hire us to provide a personal touch with customers that they can’t do themselves and don’t trust anyone else to do. Because our personal approach has proved to be so successful, we do not do any telemarketing or direct mail. We also do not do residential sales! We offer a salary or commission with bonuses available.RequirementsWho We're Looking For:  You must be ENTRY LEVEL.You must possess great people skills.You must demonstrate excellent work ethic.You must have a positive business attitude like the rest of our enthusiastic staff.You must be confident you'll be successful, just waiting for a career opportunity where you can prove yourself.   PROMOTIONS based upon performance. No Experience Necessary!    Related Keywords: marketing, advertising, sales, event marketing, entry level, entry level management, entry level sales, entry level marketing, public relations, customer service, retail, restaurant, hospitality, sports, entertainment, events, campaigns, promotions, event planning, promotional sales
LOCATION: Madison JOB TYPE: Temporary - Full Time SHIFT: First Shift JOB ID: 85702 PAY: Competitive PROFESSION: Customer Service/Sales DATE POSTED: 5/3/2016 Summary: Starting immediately!!! A large financial services company on the West side of Madison is in need of someone tech savvy to assist with customer service in their consumer education and engagement department. This role will guide customers on how to get company product’s URLs set up on their site. Someone who is very organized, can prioritize multiple projects, and who has troubleshooting skills will do well in this assignment. This is a contract assignment starting immediately through the end of 2016. Hours are 8:00am to 5:00pm weekdays with pay starting at $14.00 per hour. Responsibilities: Provide high level customer service in guiding customers through set-up process for adding product URLs to their websites Troubleshoot issues with process Enter data related to customer contact / process Work in MS Office - Word, Excel, and Outlook as related to process Assist with other related projects as needed Qualifications: Superior customer service and communication skills (written and verbal) Good organizational and prioritization skills including the ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines and work well under pressure Analytical problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Solid understanding of technology platforms and basic knowledge of web development tools such as JavaScript, HTML, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) Ability to provide proper guidance to subscribers about how to access and integrate subscriptions into the company’s website Basic understanding and experience with Microsoft Office products including: Outlook, Word, Excel Order entry and phone system experience 7 year background check required M2
What The Job Is AboutSales Support Representative position with a company that gives back. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.The Person We’re Looking ForEntry level and senior level applicant as well one who is service-minded and wants to help others, gain experience and earn they money they’re worth.Responsibilities- Support the needs of families in the community- Managing relationships with new and existing customers- Customer service and communicationWhat Qualifies You- High school diploma or equivalent- People-person that likes to help others- Excellent communication skills- Independent-minded & flexibleWho Is American Income?We are American Income Life Insurance Company. We are a significant provider of supplemental insurance and have been helping labor unions, credit unions and associations with their insurance coverage needs. We strive to make a difference in lives of people across the United States, Canada and New Zealand.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at www.ailcareers.com
Job SummaryAs a Genius at the Apple Store, you maintain customers' trust in Apple as the skilled technical customer service expert, troubleshooting and repairing products. You use problem-solving and people skills to assure Genius Bar customers of swift resolutions to their technical problems. You also educate your team members about products, while independently keeping your own technical know-how up to date. With your customer service brilliance and empathetic nature, you provide Genius advice and technical support every day.Key QualificationsStrong people skills and a knack for problem solving.Ability to maintain composure and customer focus while troubleshooting and solving technical issues.Ability to adhere to a schedule of customer appointments. DescriptionAs an Apple Genius, you provide insightful advice and friendly, hands-on technical support to Apple customers in need. You quickly diagnose product issues on the spot, explaining situations with patience and empathy. After determining whether repairs can be done or a replacement is needed, you offer tech support solutions to quickly get users up and running again. Even if you're juggling more than one customer, you stay conscious of their time demands as well as your own. You fulfill Apple's service commitment with style, speed, and skill. And you earn the trust of customers and coworkers alike as you offer guidance, knowledge, and even tips and training.Additional RequirementsYou have an aptitude for acquiring skills in technical repairs and an eagerness to learn.You have excellent time management skills and can make decisions quickly.You'll need to be flexible with your schedule. Your work hours will be based on business needs. Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Customer Operations Manager As part of a dynamic team in an innovative, start-up environment within a larger organization, you would be responsible for managing the customer service operations for BD Genomics. This position requires a solid understanding of what it takes to build an outstanding customer service operation from the ground up. Requires excellent customer interaction of both internal business partners and external customers.First point of contact for handling all inquiries (phone, e-mail, fax, …) from customers (hospital, private and clinical lab, industry, research and Academia) and our sales team.High-energy and positive “can-do” approach when dealing with customers and business partnersExcellent communication, interpersonal, and listening skills; ability to effectively listen, acknowledge, and show calm when dealing with customers on all level issues/complaints.Establish, maintain and enhance an in-depth working relationship with key customers.Strive for First Contact Resolution on all queries and able to take ownership of more technical queriesFirst line product support for customers to include administration of quality and regulatory documentation including industrial customers.Managing Price quotes/bid responses/contract service complaints/lower level support questions by ensuring a prompt investigation and action towards our customers. Must apply good judgment and creative problem solving to resolves issues in an effective, positive and prompt fashion.Must have a solid understanding of ERP systems for placing and tracking orders and managing customer and product/service interface.Ability to work on the day to day tactical operations as well as ability to think strategically about scaling up the operation over time.Work in close partnership with internal businesses partners, e.g., manufacturing, shipping, sales, field service team, in order to contribute to the achievement of their goals. Collaborative team player that communicates and integrates well with global business partners to achieve goals of the business. Contribute actively to commercial & marketing initiatives/opportunities Spot & actively support process improvement opportunities Provide a thorough support in the Price-2-Contract flow-to customer flow.QualificationsEducation and Experience:A minimum of a bachelor's degree required.BS degree in microbiology, biology, biochemistry, or other life science field is an asset.A minimum of 3 years experience in a customer service/customer facing environment.Understanding of order placement/customer service and support ERP system.Track record of successfully managing customer inquiries and issuesCreative problem solverJobOtherPrimary LocationUS-Wisconsin-MadisonShiftFirst Shift / Day Job Relocation Available Yes
Call center professionals with exceptional customer service experience have an ideal situation to expand their knowledge of real estate with American Homes 4 Rent. Besides adding depth and breadth to your skills, you will get in on the ground floor of a rapidly growing company that's unique in the industry. We are one of the nation's fastest-growing owners of single-family rental homes. You will play a key role in customer satisfaction as you assist tenants, vendors and prospects, answering questions about our properties, handling service requests, and setting up tenant portals. We will rely on you to build rapport, while being polished and professional. Working for a stable organization in a hot industry sector means you will enjoy an environment that fosters career growth, promotions and recognition. You will also receive a competitive compensation and benefits package. As our Customer Service Representative, your first mission will be to come up to speed on our processes, policies and procedures. You will respond to incoming calls and e-mails from both tenants and non-tenants. You will answer questions and address inquiries about American Homes 4 Rent in general or address specific tenant issues. You will clarify, through probing questions, the purpose of each inquiry, leading you towards the correct action, such as forwarding the request to another department or providing the correct information to the customer. Top candidates are problem solvers who acquire the knowledge needed to address a client's concerns without having to escalate the call to a supervisor. You take detailed notes, are comfortable working with computers and entering accurate data, and have superior verbal communication skills. Our atmosphere is fast-paced, friendly, and collaborative. Your drive to succeed and goal to provide a best-in-class customer experience will make you a perfect fit here. Because of our growth and call volume, you should be able to work flexible hours, including evenings, weekends and holidays; occasional overtime may be required as well. Requirements:High school diploma or GED required; some college preferredMinimum 2 years' experience within an inbound call center settingStable work historyPolished, professional phone presenceProven ability to handle high value customers with tact and produce positive outcomesExcellent customer, quality and results orientationKnowledge of Real Estate industry preferredBilingual (read, write, speak) English/Spanish highly desiredMust be shift flexible and able to work any shift 4am-8pm as well as weekends Ability to pass background/drug testing American Homes 4 Rent is reinventing the residential rental market! We are combining the American Dream of home life in Single Family Residences with the conveniences of corporate rental maintenance and management. As a company, we strive to deliver superior homes and services to our clients as well as become valued members of every community we join. Keywordscall center representative, customer service representative, processing leads, leasing, real estate, sales, computer skills, inside sales, call center, telesales, telemarketing, customer service, contact center, inbound calls, facilities coordinator, maintenance coordinator, telemarketer, vacation sales, rental homes, rental properties, high value, white collar, professional, multitasking, multi-tasking, 45wpm, yardi, spanish, bilingual
Title Assistant Store Manager - Retail Sales / Customer Service - Las Vegas Auto req ID 5987BR City Las Vegas State Nevada Job Category Sales Employment Status Full-Time Job Description Are you passionate about Customer Service, but hate working odd hours? At Extra Space Storage we offer the best of both worlds! Great environment without the retail hours! We are the best at getting better and we need engaged employees to join our team as we continue to experience amazing growth. Overview Is your enthusiasm and passion for helping people contagious?  Why not bring them to a new workplace where you can really make your mark? If you enjoy working with other highly engaged people, a culture that embraces innovation, delivering world class customer service, and the opportunity to grow your career – then Extra Space Storage is the place for you!The Assistant Manager is critical in creating a welcoming environment, creating the cleanest locations in the industry, and identifying customer needs and exceeding their expectations. Extra Space Storage seeks employees that have entrepreneurial, dedicated, positive attitudes, adaptability to change, and integrity. If you possess these qualities and want to join a dynamic, growing organization, then we are excited to hear from you! Benefits A dynamic growing company Competitive pay and benefits A rewarding work environment Opportunity for advancement Great company culture External Requirements Qualifications You should have some type of customer facing experience from a variety of environments including retail sales, restaurant, sales associate, and other customer-centered selling roles Energetic, outgoing, customer oriented personality A High School diploma /GED equivalent. College education a plus Ability to perform light maintenance and overall property upkeep Minimum one year Customer Service and/or Sales experience Valid driver’s license with access to reliable transportation Willingness to travel to multiple retail locations Note: If you have experience working in any of the following areas, you are encouraged to apply: retail, sales associate, customer service, retail jobs, assistant manager, retail sales, retail store, retail management, retail industry, 5 star customer service, sales. We value diversity at Extra Space Storage. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.   External Responsibilities Responsibilities As an Assistant Manager you’ll work alongside your team to maximize sales objectives with each prospective customer via the phone, web or in person at your location. Our employees consistently practice exceptional customer service by welcoming future and current customers in a friendly, enthusiastic and professional manner. Assistant Managers work with customers to identify their needs and provide solutions that will enhance their storage experience. You will get the chance to sell high quality merchandise such as boxes, locks, tape and other moving supplies. Our team members enjoy working outdoors. When not taking care of customers in the office, our Assistant Managers spend approximately 50% of their time walking and tending to the property to ensure the facility is kept to the highest of cleanliness standards. This includes cleaning units, sweeping, mopping, changing light bulbs and other general maintenance duties. Successful Assistant Managers need to be able to perform at a high level without constant supervision, but also thrives in a team environment. Salary Range $11.32-$15.28
Title Assistant Store Manager - Retail / Customer Service - North Las Vegas Auto req ID 5472BR City North Las Vegas State Nevada Job Category Sales Employment Status Full-Time Job Description Love retail sales, but hate working holidays? Passionate about Customer Service, but hate working odd hours? At Extra Space Storage we offer the best of both worlds! Great retail sales environment without the retail hours! At Extra Space Storage we are the best at getting better and we need engaged employees to join our team as we continue to experience amazing growth. OverviewIs your enthusiasm and passion for helping people contagious?  Why not bring them to a new workplace where you can really make your mark? If you enjoy working with other highly engaged people, a culture that embraces innovation, delivering world class customer service, and the opportunity to grow your career – then Extra Space Storage is the place for you!At Extra Space Storage, the Assistant Manager is critical in creating a welcoming environment, creating the cleanest locations in the industry, and identifying customer needs and exceeding their expectations. Extra Space Storage seeks employees that have entrepreneurial, pro-active, positive attitudes, adaptability to change, and integrity. If you possess these qualities and want to join a dynamic, growing organization, then we are excited to hear from you!Benefits A dynamic growing company Competitive pay and benefits A rewarding work environment Opportunity for advancement Great company culture External Requirements Qualifications Successful candidates come from a variety of environments including retail sales, restaurant, sales associate, and other customer-centered selling roles Energetic, outgoing, customer oriented personality A High School diploma /GED equivalent.  College education a plus Ability to perform light maintenance including: changing light bulbs, and removing debris from storage units Minimum one year Customer Service and/or Sales experience Valid driver’s license with access to reliable transportation Willingness to travel to multiple retail locations External Responsibilities Responsibilities As an Assistant Manager you’ll work alongside your team to maximize sales objectives with each prospective customer via the phone, web or in person at your location. Our team members consistently practice exceptional customer service by welcoming future and current customers in a friendly, enthusiastic and professional manner. Assistant Managers work with customers to identify their needs and provide solutions that will add value to their storage experience. It is retail, so you will get the chance to sell/upsell high quality retail merchandise such as boxes, locks, tape and other moving supplies. Our team members enjoy working outdoors. When not taking care of customers in the office, our Assistant Managers spend approximately 50% of their time walking and tending to the property to ensure the facility is kept to the highest of cleanliness standards. This includes cleaning units, sweeping, mopping, changing light bulbs and other general maintenance duties. Successful Assistant Managers need to be able to perform at a high level without constant supervision, but also thrives in a team environment. Salary Range $11.32-$15.28
Position DescriptionThe Customer Support/Tech Support candidate will be responsible for supporting, training, and implementing our enterprise payment gateway DOLLARS ON THE NET® and corresponding services to a broad customer base in a myriad of industries. A successful candidate must be familiar and experienced in an Application Service Provider (ASP) operating environment and be able to effectively articulate solutions to the customer.Essential FunctionsFirst-tier support: Answering all inbound calls to the Customer Support department Identifying issues defined by customers Identifying, researching, diagnosing, and resolving customer issues, striving for first call resolution whenever possible Logging case history and follow up on open cases for quality assurance and account retention Proficient knowledge of installations, which includes pre-installation assessments and training of our customers using Shift4 products and servicesKeeping abreast of our solutions’ new features, functionality, and installation procedures Attending all required department meetings and trainingsKnowledge, Skills, and AbilitiesTroubleshooting of PC-related issues Team player Ability to pick up new concepts easily with a passion to learn and self-motivation Ability to multi-task effectively Assertive and able to resolve customer issues with tact and diplomacy Demonstrate a sense of urgency, drive, proven capability to develop, lead, and implement new initiatives with little supervision on an ongoing basis Excellent communication skills required: Verbally communicate clearly Clarify problems or issues Good listening skills Professional and courteous Positive attitudeEducation and ExperienceMinimum of two years experience in a customer service/call center  environment, and/or helpdesk experience or equivalent experience in hotel/front desk, auditing, or accounting Knowledge of Internet Service ASP-based solutions, Windows operating systems, and Internet connectivity methods Prior knowledge of or exposure to any of the following Point-of-Sale/Property Management Systems (POS/PMS): Micros AutoClerk Hilton OnQ Opera PMS Room Master SMS Touch Fidelio Profit Manager Squirrel RetailPro InfoGenesis PAR Springer-Miller LMS/AgilisysAdditional RequirementsMust be flexible in work hours for 24/7 call center needs (available shifts include traditional 8-hour and "4-10" shifts) Due to the financial nature of Shift4, candidates are asked to submit to a background check and drug test
â ¢ FT Customer Relations Representative â ¢ FT STREET Grant Coordinator needed in Norman for nonprofit substance abuse treatment center. Excellent benefits. Apply online at www.NAIChelp.org EOE.This job listing brought to you by The Norman Transcript
Innovators with Insight Cobham's values of Trust, Talent and Technology have driven us from our launch in 1934 by Sir Alan Cobham, an aviation innovator, to becoming a global leader in state-of-the-art aerospace and defense systems. And it's the insights of our innovators today that will secure our collective future. Innovators like you.About Cobham:Cobham is one of the world's leading companies engaged in the development, delivery and support of leading-edge aerospace and defense systems in the air, on land and at sea. Our clients and partners trust Cobham to deliver the mission-critical technology they need, and we trust our employees to draw on their ingenuity and passion to deliver those solutions. This leads to an empowering culture for our people. Our Leadership team is open, sharing plans for the next five years, driving retention by offering demanding, exciting work, and providing full guidance and mentoring.Cobham is seeking a Government/Customer Property Administrator. This position is located in Lansdale, PA .Key Responsibilities: Administers property control program activities to ensure continual accountability of government, associate contractor, or company property in accordance with applicable government regulations or corporate policy.Maintains property accountability records and coordinates activities relative to the disposition of government property. Conducts property audits; provides guidance on government regulations pertaining to property accountability; develops, recommends, and implements property administration policy.Develops and administers system and procedures to track, monitor and control the status and usage of government property.Develops procedures for receipt and issue of materials and equipment. Prepares a variety of government required reports and represents company during auditsMaintains effective relationships with Accounting, Procurement, Operations, Contracts and Program Management to ensure accuracy of records and material availability in support of scheduled productionImplements system and process improvements to organizational systems and practices Minimum Requirements: Bachelor's Degree.Three (3) plus years of experience in aerospace or defense manufacturing industry or equivalent combination of education and experience such as Associate's degree and 7 years' experience in aerospace or defense manufacturing industry.Experience working with FAR and DFARs.Experience utilizing Microsoft office Suite(Word, Excel, PowerPoint, & Visio).Experience Managing Inventory database.Experience working with commercial applications.In order to be considered for this opportunity, you must be eligible to obtain and maintain security clearance, which requires USA Citizenship. Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor's in Business Administration.Active DoD Secret ClearanceKnowledge of government programs, policies, work methods and manuals with particular emphasis on FAR 52.245-1.Work experience in government property accounting, management or Inventory Control.Experience working directly with DCAA and DCMA during government property audits.Experience managing customer and government property Cobham is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and embraces diversity in our employee population. It is the policy of Cobham to provide equal opportunity to all qualified applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or genetic information. Cobham will refrain from discharging, or otherwise discriminating against, employees or applicants who inquire about, discuss, or disclose their compensation or the compensation of other employees or applicants.See all of our latest opportunities at www.cobhamcareers.com or follow us on our LinkedIn page at www.linkedin.com/company/cobham .To be considered you must apply by going to www.cobhamcareers.com .
City: Denver State:Colorado Postal/Zip Code: 80239 Oldcastle BuildingEnvelope ®, a division of Oldcastle, is the leading supplier of products specified to close the building envelope. They include: custom-engineered curtain wall and window wall, architectural windows, storefront systems, doors, skylights and architectural glass. Job Summary Be a part of somethingBIG: We are an industry leader, with over 70 locations, and 6,500 employees. Our products are parts of major construction projects including the Paris Hotel, Carnegie Mellon University, the Dallas Cowboys Stadium and, most recently, the Miami Dolphins Sun Life Stadium. Safety, innovation, and quality are central to all of our business. Sound interesting? Join us! Oldcastle BuildingEnvelope®is seeking a full-time entry-level Customer Service Representative for our Denver, COlocation. This position involvesservingcustomers by providing product and service information, resolving product and service problems,processing orders, and servingas an ambassador (customer advocate) between the customer and the company. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Maintain broad knowledge of clients, products, and services of the organization Document customer interactions and transactions Accurately process phoned, faxed, and e-mailed quotes and orders in accordance with cut off times and other time constraints that may exist Data entry of fax, email, and phoneorders for production Coordinate between sales and production to meet customer deadlines Communicate and keepcustomers informedregarding quotes, pricing, order status, pro-active sales, delivery status, technical information, production capabilities, and general return information Resolveproduct or service problems by clarifying customer’s complaint; determining the cause of the problem; selecting and explaining the best solution to solve the problem; expediting correction or adjustments; and following up to ensure resolution Answer telephone promptly and transfer callers to appropriate departments Greet customers in a courteous, friendly, and professional manner through written and verbal communication Provide assistance to all co-workers when needed Regular and predictable attendance, safely performing tasks, and adherence to all safety policies and procedures are essential functions of the job Requirements Education normally obtained through a High School Diploma or GED Good English written &amp; verbal communication skills Bilingual Spanish a plus Organized, self-starter with the ability to prioritize workload in a fast-paced office environment Ability to work in a team environment Must have computer experience andable to enter data and type numberson a 10-key with accuracy A minimum of 3years previous customer service experience, glass industry preferred Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or abilities required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties of the job. Additional Information Only online applications will be accepted When applying, please provide full employment history Pre-employment background screening will be conducted on qualified applicants after acceptance of job offer What Oldcastle Offers You Highly competitive base pay Comprehensive medical, dental and disability benefits programs Group retirement savings program Health and wellness programs A culture that values opportunity for growth, development and internal promotion About Oldcastle Oldcastle has a long and proud heritage as one of North America’s largest corporations. We are a proud reflection of the hundreds of family businesses, local and regional companies and mid to large sized enterprises that together form the Oldcastle family. Oldcastle operates with a decentralized, diversified structure, letting you work in a small company environment while having the career opportunities of a large enterprise. Oldcastle is a great place to grow! If you’re up for a rewarding challenge, we invite you to take the first step and apply today! Once you click apply now, you will be brought to our career site. Please complete your online profile which will be sent directly to the appropriate Hiring Manager. Our system allows you to view and track your status 24 hours a day. Thank you for your interest in the Oldcastle family! Join ourTalent Communityto receive an email newsletter with hot jobs &amp; career advice. Follow Oldcastle Careers onFacebook,Twitter,Instagram,Google+,Pinterest,WordPress (Career Blog)andLinkedIn! Oldcastle BuildingEnvelope ®is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. EOE/Vet/Disability--If you want to know more, please click on thislink. Oldcastle BuildingEnvelope ®is part of the Oldcastlecareers™ network. #OBE #30
Job Description:Customer Service representatives needed immediately! Are you friendly, outgoing, and enjoy helping people on a daily bases? Then this is a great opportunity for you! This role is ideal for someone who thrives in customer service and can communicate and problem solve efficiently. Skills/Requirements:? Inbound and outbound phone calls? Strong communication skills through phone and email? Great attention to detail and ability to deal with customer inquiries? Working knowledge of Microsoft Office and ability to pick up on software quickly? Great data entry and typing skills? A high school diploma or equivalentIf you have 2 to 5 years of strong customer service experience and love providing people with helpful solutions this is the ideal role for you! This company is in need of a customer service representative who is looking for the opportunity for growth and to work in a great environment. We offer competitive salary and great benefits! If you relish confirmation, encouragement, and positive coaching for career success apply for this incredible opportunity today! We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1050326 Job Experience:,, Customer service, CSR, Call Center, Phone Calls, Inbound, Outbound,Years of Experience Required:
Overview:Find Your Life’s Work.   Room & Board is a wonderful place to find your life’s work.  Since opening our doors in 1980, our focus has been on the customer.  At Room & Board, we offer the best of modern design and American craftsmanship.  We value our customers and consider it a privilege to help them create homes they love.   Filled with positive people who enjoy what they do, Delivery Center staff members treat teammates respectfully and focus on building a sense of community.   About our Delivery Associates: Our Delivery Associates are responsible for engaging customers while providing an exceptional in-home delivery experience.  For customers that have not been to our showroom and choose to make their purchase on our website or over the phone with our Shop From Home Design Associates, our Delivery Associates may be the first in-person interaction they have with Room & Board. Working closely with our customers, Delivery Associates are brand ambassadors who take pride in leaving a positive lasting impression with Room & Board customers.     Many of our Delivery Associates come to us with an interest in home furnishings. Others do not have that background, but quickly find they enjoy working with beautiful, handcrafted furniture.  Our Delivery Associates’ strengths include:Building strong relationships with their retail partners to ensure customer satisfaction.  Balancing independence with sharing their day with another Delivery Associate.Problem solving in a variety of situations.Working productively and effectively in a fast-paced environment.Position requirements:Ability to drive a 24-foot box truck with GPS technology (training provided).This is a physically-demanding role.  Delivery Associates must be able to consistently lift 100 pounds throughout their day.Pass all pre-employment checks:Physical abilities testPre-employment physical Department of Transportation drug screen + safe driving recordMust practice safe working habits. A professional, friendly demeanor. Hours:Our Delivery Associates work a Tuesday - Saturday schedule from 6:30 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. with occasional paid overtime. We offerA guaranteed salary + overtime.A comprehensive benefit package, including three weeks of paid vacation. To view all benefits offered by Room & Board, click here.    Throughout their career, our Delivery Associates enjoy being able to go deeper in their roles and are given additional opportunities to serve within their teams and communities.   Click here to learn more about our delivery locations, including the Brisbane, CA Delivery Center.   Room & Board is an environment of inclusion.
Job SummaryAs a Genius at the Apple Store, you maintain customers' trust in Apple as the skilled technical customer service expert, troubleshooting and repairing products. You use problem-solving and people skills to assure Genius Bar customers of swift resolutions to their technical problems. You also educate your team members about products, while independently keeping your own technical know-how up to date. With your customer service brilliance and empathetic nature, you provide Genius advice and technical support every day.Key QualificationsStrong people skills and a knack for problem solving.Ability to maintain composure and customer focus while troubleshooting and solving technical issues.Ability to adhere to a schedule of customer appointments. DescriptionAs an Apple Genius, you provide insightful advice and friendly, hands-on technical support to Apple customers in need. You quickly diagnose product issues on the spot, explaining situations with patience and empathy. After determining whether repairs can be done or a replacement is needed, you offer tech support solutions to quickly get users up and running again. Even if you're juggling more than one customer, you stay conscious of their time demands as well as your own. You fulfill Apple's service commitment with style, speed, and skill. And you earn the trust of customers and coworkers alike as you offer guidance, knowledge, and even tips and training.Additional RequirementsYou have an aptitude for acquiring skills in technical repairs and an eagerness to learn.You have excellent time management skills and can make decisions quickly.You'll need to be flexible with your schedule. Your work hours will be based on business needs. Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Job SummaryAs a Genius at the Apple Store, you maintain customers' trust in Apple as the skilled technical customer service expert, troubleshooting and repairing products. You use problem-solving and people skills to assure Genius Bar customers of swift resolutions to their technical problems. You also educate your team members about products, while independently keeping your own technical know-how up to date. With your customer service brilliance and empathetic nature, you provide Genius advice and technical support every day.Key QualificationsStrong people skills and a knack for problem solving.Ability to maintain composure and customer focus while troubleshooting and solving technical issues.Ability to adhere to a schedule of customer appointments. DescriptionAs an Apple Genius, you provide insightful advice and friendly, hands-on technical support to Apple customers in need. You quickly diagnose product issues on the spot, explaining situations with patience and empathy. After determining whether repairs can be done or a replacement is needed, you offer tech support solutions to quickly get users up and running again. Even if you're juggling more than one customer, you stay conscious of their time demands as well as your own. You fulfill Apple's service commitment with style, speed, and skill. And you earn the trust of customers and coworkers alike as you offer guidance, knowledge, and even tips and training.Additional RequirementsYou have an aptitude for acquiring skills in technical repairs and an eagerness to learn.You have excellent time management skills and can make decisions quickly.You'll need to be flexible with your schedule. Your work hours will be based on business needs. Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Job Description:This Call Center Customer Service Representative Position Features: ? Convenient location ? Room for growth ? On site training If you?re looking for a convenient location, room for growth and on site training then this could be the position for you. A well-known Insurance company is aggressively seeking a Call Center Customer Service Representative who demonstrates a focused customer service/team player attitude and excellent communication skills. You will be responsible for resolving customer questions, answering multi-line phones as well as maintaining and opening new accounts. Apply for this great position as a Call Center Customer Service Representative today! We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1042937 Job Experience:,,Years of Experience Required:
Beacon Hill Staffing is looking for a talented Customer Service Representative. The role is a Mid-shift 4PM to Midnight role with 3 months of training. The poisition requires fielding calls from customers both residential and commercial. This person must possess high values and focus on "what can I do for the customer" (not focus on themselves). If you are passionate about helping customers please apply below. Find Us on Facebook!Follow Us on Twitter!Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply.Company Profile:Beacon Hill Technologies, a premier National Information Technology Staffing Group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct (permanent), contract-to-direct and project basis. Beacon Hill Technologies' dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality IT professionals to solve our customers' technical and business needs. Beacon Hill Technologies covers a broad spectrum of IT positions, including Project Management and Business Analysis, Programming/Development, Database, Infrastructure, Quality Assurance, Production/Support and ERP roles.Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Pharma and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting www.beaconhillstaffing.com. We look forward to working with you.Beacon Hill. Employing the Future™
Position Purpose:Sales associates provide fast, friendly service by actively seeking out customers to assess their needs and provide assistance. Sales associates have an emphasis on department and product knowledge, providing information on product features, and knowing related items to sell an entire project. Associates in this position know how to greet, qualify, recommend and close every customer in their department, and know how to handle basics in adjacent departments. Sales associates maintain the in-stock condition of assigned areas, and ensure that it is clean, shoppable, and safe. Each associate has the responsibility of providing a safe working and shopping environment by following all safety policies & standards, completing specified safety training, immediately correcting hazards & unsafe conditions or reporting conditions to the Manager On Duty, and working safely as not to endanger themselves, co-workers, vendors, or customers. These associates work in cooperation with their Department Supervisor and other associates in their department as well as other sales departments. Specific store departments may include Building Materials, Décor, Electrical, Flooring, Garden, Hardware, Kitchen & Bath, Lumber, Millwork, Paint, Plumbing and Tool Rental. Sales position types may include Department Sales, Lead Generator, Pro Account Sales, Sales Specialist, Special Services, and Customer Order Specialist.Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:Provide fast, friendly serviceActively seek out customers on the racetrack and in the aislesOffer a friendly greeting. Smile, and make eye contact with customersAsk open ended questions about customer's projects in order to determine their needs and level of expertiseShow enthusiasm with the customerWhen necessary, handle several customers at onceThank customers for shopping at The Home DepotFollow up with customers via telephone when appropriateIs knowledgeable about products and services offered by The Home DepotAnswer questions about merchandise for the customer's level of expertiseEscort customers to appropriate merchandise, no matter what departmentDescribe features and benefits of merchandiseExplain the steps needed to complete projects and the products neededAssist customers with special orders and installed salesAcquire beginner product knowledge in adjacent departmentsAcquire knowledge about cutting keys, ropes, blinds, carpet, wood, and mixing paintPromote services offered at the Special Services Desk, Tool Rental, and Pro DeskHas knowledge of other Home Depot companies and how to best recommend themNature and Scope:Due to forklifts and other heavy equipment traveling through the store, temporary cracks may appear in the floor, causing an uneven walking surfaceThe warehouse environment can be dusty and noisyDoors are frequently open, causing drafts and interior temperature changesFloors around work area may become slippery during wet weather conditionsMay have to handle merchandise and work with tools with sharp edgesPassing forklifts emit gas fumesTools, supplies and related merchandise may contain hazardous materialsEnvironmental Job Requirements: Environment: Usually in a comfortable environment but with regular exposure to factors causing moderate physical discomfort from such things as dust, fumes or odors Travel: Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time Must be eighteen years of age or olderMust be legally permitted to work in the United StatesAdditional Minimum Qualifications:Education Required:The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED Physical Requirements:Must continuously stand or walk or regularly requires lifting/handling/carrying material or equipment of moderate weight (8-50 pounds) Additional Qualifications: Physical Job Requirements Bending, stooping, reaching, twisting, lifting, pushing, pulling and moving items - Requires the ability to move around the store and maneuver merchandise when necessary Responding to public address system announcements - Requires listening for customer service calls, personal pages and general information announcements Walking and Standing - Requires moving around the store to assist Customers Identifying and reading reports, tickets and UPC labels - Requires recognizing, identifying and using merchandise and necessary reports 2+ years Retail Sales or Trade experience 2+ years Customer Service experience Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Quality Service Makes customers the first priority, actively seeks out customers, greets all customers, offers assistance Product Knowledge Demonstrates a high level of knowledge of products, services and procedures in assigned area and nearby departments, knows priority SKUs Solutions - Seeks to fully understand the customers needs, provides customer with the best solution even if it involves a markdown, contacts other associates/leaders as needed; until customer s need is met Respect Treats customers in a sincere, appreciative manner and thanks them for their business, minimizes their time in the checkout line, acknowledges waiting customers and thanks for shopping with The Home Depot Project Focus Asks customers about their project and provides appropriate related items and services for total project, sells the whole project Selling Skills - Promotes products and services using Greet-Qualify-Recommend-Close, resolves customers concerns; executes Good, Better, Best strategy
We are looking for a wide variety of individuals to join our growing team. We have multiple opportunities in the customer support, technical support and product sales arena.The ideal individuals would be experienced in customer support, chat support, and/or phone support.Volt is an Equal Opportunity Employer- Strong communication- Technical aptitude- Strong typing ability
Experis is a global leader in professional resourcing and project-based workforce solutions. We deliver in-demand talent for mission-critical positions, enhancing the competitiveness of the organizations and people we serve. Our goal is to maintain a positive candidate and client experience through fitting the best candidates with the best positions.Our client, a Fortune 500 company, seeks a candidate with the below qualifications:Tri-lingual (Spanish/Portuguese/English) Service Desk/Customer Service Advisors"The successful candidate will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States"Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
The HT Group is hiring Customer Service Representatives for a client in North Austin. This position is contract/temp for 1-3 months.Interviews will be conducted 8/15-8/17 with final interviews on 8/18.Are you?Tech-savvy?Smooth talker?Problem solver?Friendly, helper?Come use your phone and technical skills to provide great customer service for a fast-growing, energetic company!Temp (1-3 Month Assignment)Start Date: 8/22/2016$15/hourDay, Evening, Weekend, and Overnight Shifts Available - Open Availability Preferred!!Customer Service-ResponsibilitiesProvide first call resolution for customer concernsAccurately Log Calls in CRM systemMake technology simple and fun for customersCustomer Service-QualificationsExcellent communication skillsCustomer service expertiseProblem-solving abilitiesTeam PlayerTech savvyCustomer Service-RequirementsBachelor's degree or equivalent number of years of experience.Customer service experience, ideally in a software environment.
Seeking a challenging and fast-paced work environment? Our Customer Service Advisers participate in a highly rewarding program that recognizes outstanding performance. With industry-leading training and strong people-focused leaders, we are committed to advancing your skills and career growth. At Sears Auto Center, we truly are customer focused. This is why we look for individuals that not only have customer service knowledge and experience, but those who enjoy helping others. We are seeking a success oriented customer service adviser who will work passionately towards assisting and educating customers on options available, to provide customer assistance and deliver a positive automotive center experience. The customer service adviser is responsible for selling and servicing customers within the automotive center by maintaining knowledge of product and services. QualificationsJob Duties/Responsibilities:• Recommend vehicle repair and maintenance to customer and promote sale of products and services mutually beneficial to customer and dealership• Build relationships with customers to promote repeat and referral service business• Building Customer Satisfaction & Loyalty.• Energetic responsiveness to every customer, on the phone and in the store• Solutions oriented selling• Involvement in every aspect of the store operation.• Continuously learns new technical information and techniques in formal training sessions in order to stay ahead of the rapidly changing automotive technology world.Required Skills:• 1-2 years of Retail Sales preferred• Must have Valid Drivers License• Pre-employment drug test and background check will help assure we build teams of people who can best work with others and serve customer needs.Preferred Skills:• Solutions oriented sales experience• Retail experienceEducation Requirements: HS Graduate or EquivalentLicense/Certificate Required: YesDriver's License Required: YesAge Requirement: 18+ EOE Minorities / Females / Protected Veterans / Disabled
Description Position Summary: In this entry-level vehicle maintenance position you would meet and greet incoming customer truck drivers at our fuel island. The duties may consist of vehicle inspections, fueling and washing of vehicles, vehicle detailing, pick-up and delivery of vehicles and parts, tire changes, daily rental check in/out, parts pricing and stocking and facility maintenance. Candidate must be able to work in various weather elements outdoors. This is a great opportunity for someone who may be looking to learn the fundamentals of preventative maintenance on diesel vehicles and grow in a diesel career or similar fields related to vehicle maintenance. Major Responsibilities: - Activate fuel pumps and fill fuel tanks of vehicles with gasoline or diesel fuel to specified levels - Check air pressure in tires, check motor oil, transmission, radiator, and other fluids - Adjust air, oil, water, or other fluids, as required - Clean windshields, and wash vehicles - Prepare daily reports of fuel, oil, and accessory sales - Order stock, price and shelve incoming goods - Occasionally perform minor repairs such as, install mounted tires, replace or rotate tires and complete preventative maintenance repairs. - Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisor Benefits: Penske values the well-being of our employees and their families. That's why we offer competitive wages and a wide range of benefits, including medical and dental insurance, prescription drug card, 401K and pension plans, flexible dependent care and medical spending accounts, spouse and child life insurance, employee referral bonus, and discounts with Penske partners Qualifications - High School Diploma or equivalent required - A valid driver's license is required - Tech or Vocational certification preferred - Must be able to work in a fast past, high energy environment - Effective communication both written and verbal is key to success, bilingual Spanish is a plus. - Basic computer skills preferred for data entry into maintenance systems. - Willingness to travel within district (close geographical area), work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a reference verification (to include past employment and education) are required. Physical Requirements: - The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. -The associate must regularly lift and /or move up to 25/lbs12kg, frequently lift and/or move up to 50lbs/ 23kg and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100lbs/45kg. -Specific vision abilities required by this job include Close vision, Distance vision, Peripheral vision, Depth perception and Ability to adjust focus. -While performing the duties of this Job, the associate is regularly required to stand; walk; sit and talk or hear. The associate is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans. Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, General Electric Capital Corporation and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 216,000 vehicles and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com to learn more.
Description Position Summary: In this entry-level vehicle maintenance position you would meet and greet incoming customer truck drivers at our fuel island. The duties may consist of vehicle inspections, fueling and washing of vehicles, vehicle detailing, pick-up and delivery of vehicles and parts, tire changes, daily rental check in/out, parts pricing and stocking and facility maintenance. Candidate must be able to work in various weather elements outdoors. This is a great opportunity for someone who may be looking to learn the fundamentals of preventative maintenance on diesel vehicles and grow in a diesel career or similar fields related to vehicle maintenance. The flexibility to work any shift and weekends is required for this position. Major Responsibilities: - Activate fuel pumps and fill fuel tanks of vehicles with gasoline or diesel fuel to specified levels - Check air pressure in tires, check motor oil, transmission, radiator, and other fluids - Adjust air, oil, water, or other fluids, as required - Clean windshields, and wash vehicles - Prepare daily reports of fuel, oil, and accessory sales - Order stock, price and shelve incoming goods - Occasionally perform minor repairs such as, install mounted tires, replace or rotate tires and complete preventative maintenance repairs. - Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisor Benefits: Penske values the well-being of our employees and their families. That's why we offer competitive wages and a wide range of benefits, including medical and dental insurance, prescription drug card, 401K and pension plans, flexible dependent care and medical spending accounts, spouse and child life insurance, employee referral bonus, and discounts with Penske partners Qualifications - High School Diploma or equivalent required - A valid driver's license is required - Tech or Vocational certification preferred - Must be able to work in a fast past, high energy environment - Effective communication both written and verbal is key to success, bilingual Spanish is a plus. - Basic computer skills preferred for data entry into maintenance systems. - Willingness to travel within district (close geographical area), work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a reference verification (to include past employment and education) are required. Physical Requirements: - The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. -The associate must regularly lift and /or move up to 25/lbs12kg, frequently lift and/or move up to 50lbs/ 23kg and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100lbs/45kg. -Specific vision abilities required by this job include Close vision, Distance vision, Peripheral vision, Depth perception and Ability to adjust focus. -While performing the duties of this Job, the associate is regularly required to stand; walk; sit and talk or hear. The associate is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans. Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, General Electric Capital Corporation and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 216,000 vehicles and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com to learn more.
Description Position Summary: In this entry-level vehicle maintenance position you would meet and greet incoming customer truck drivers at our fuel island. The duties may consist of vehicle inspections, fueling and washing of vehicles, vehicle detailing, pick-up and delivery of vehicles and parts, tire changes, daily rental check in/out, parts pricing and stocking and facility maintenance. Candidate must be able to work in various weather elements outdoors. This is a great opportunity for someone who may be looking to learn the fundamentals of preventative maintenance on diesel vehicles and grow in a diesel career or similar fields related to vehicle maintenance. The hours will be- Tuesday- Friday 2pm-11:30pm, Saturday 9am-6pm. Major Responsibilities: - Activate fuel pumps and fill fuel tanks of vehicles with gasoline or diesel fuel to specified levels - Check air pressure in tires, check motor oil, transmission, radiator, and other fluids - Adjust air, oil, water, or other fluids, as required - Clean windshields, and wash vehicles - Prepare daily reports of fuel, oil, and accessory sales - Order stock, price and shelve incoming goods - Occasionally perform minor repairs such as, install mounted tires, replace or rotate tires and complete preventative maintenance repairs. - Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisor Benefits: Penske values the well-being of our employees and their families. That's why we offer competitive wages and a wide range of benefits, including medical and dental insurance, prescription drug card, 401K and pension plans, flexible dependent care and medical spending accounts, spouse and child life insurance, employee referral bonus, and discounts with Penske partners Qualifications - High School Diploma or equivalent required - A valid driver's license is required - Tech or Vocational certification preferred - Must be able to work in a fast past, high energy environment - Effective communication both written and verbal is key to success, bilingual Spanish is a plus. - Basic computer skills preferred for data entry into maintenance systems. - Willingness to travel within district (close geographical area), work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a reference verification (to include past employment and education) are required. Physical Requirements: - The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. -The associate must regularly lift and /or move up to 25/lbs12kg, frequently lift and/or move up to 50lbs/ 23kg and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100lbs/45kg. -Specific vision abilities required by this job include Close vision, Distance vision, Peripheral vision, Depth perception and Ability to adjust focus. -While performing the duties of this Job, the associate is regularly required to stand; walk; sit and talk or hear. The associate is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans. Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, General Electric Capital Corporation and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 216,000 vehicles and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com to learn more.
Seeking a challenging and fast-paced work environment? Our Customer Service Advisers participate in a highly rewarding program that recognizes outstanding performance. With industry-leading training and strong people-focused leaders, we are committed to advancing your skills and career growth. At Sears Auto Center, we truly are customer focused. This is why we look for individuals that not only have customer service knowledge and experience, but those who enjoy helping others. We are seeking a success oriented customer service adviser who will work passionately towards assisting and educating customers on options available, to provide customer assistance and deliver a positive automotive center experience. The customer service adviser is responsible for selling and servicing customers within the automotive center by maintaining knowledge of product and services. QualificationsJob Duties/Responsibilities:• Recommend vehicle repair and maintenance to customer and promote sale of products and services mutually beneficial to customer and dealership• Build relationships with customers to promote repeat and referral service business• Building Customer Satisfaction & Loyalty.• Energetic responsiveness to every customer, on the phone and in the store• Solutions oriented selling• Involvement in every aspect of the store operation.• Continuously learns new technical information and techniques in formal training sessions in order to stay ahead of the rapidly changing automotive technology world.Required Skills:• 1-2 years of Retail Sales preferred• Must have Valid Drivers License• Pre-employment drug test and background check will help assure we build teams of people who can best work with others and serve customer needs.Preferred Skills:• Solutions oriented sales experience• Retail experienceEducation Requirements: HS Graduate or EquivalentLicense/Certificate Required: YesDriver's License Required: YesAge Requirement: 18+ EOE Minorities / Females / Protected Veterans / Disabled
Job Description:As a member of our team, you will primarily work via telephone and email to communicate with existing customers, past customers, new leads, and sometimes cold calling with a relentless passion to grow yourself as well as the business. You will also be required to help existing customers with their order needs and provide service for existing orders.You need to possess a strong ability to be self-motivated, passionate, focused, and hard-working. Responsibilities" Work in a fast-paced and hectic environment in a calm and collected manner" Actively and passionately grow your list of accounts by a certain percentage with daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly meetings with your supervisor" Be open to traveling to domestic trade shows from time to time, including weekends" Consult with and become the go-to contact for your list of accounts" Actively seek to grow a decades-old family-owned business with hard work, a tireless work ethic, relentless inquisitiveness, and a burning desire to hustleMinimum Qualifications" Fluently read and write English" Be able to operate a PC-based computer and use typical office programs such as Microsoft Word, Outlook, and Excel" Type a minimum of 30 wpmPreferred Qualifications" BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience desired" Experience using Microsoft CRM and Microsoft NAV software programs is a plus" Strong ability to focus on a given task without being constantly monitored" Be passionate and determined in your approach to work" Consistently seek personal and professional growth" Outstanding communication skills, both verbal and written" Excellent project manager and self-starter with a strong analytical mindHandle calls from customers calling in orders, assist with questions about products and how to use products. Assist with processing sample request We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1028652 Job Experience:,, Being a "foodie" is a big plus!
Description Position Summary: In this entry-level vehicle maintenance position you would meet and greet incoming customer truck drivers at our fuel island. The duties may consist of vehicle inspections, fueling and washing of vehicles, vehicle detailing, pick-up and delivery of vehicles and parts, tire changes, daily rental check in/out, parts pricing and stocking and facility maintenance. Candidate must be able to work in various weather elements outdoors. This is a great opportunity for someone who may be looking to learn the fundamentals of preventative maintenance on diesel vehicles and grow in a diesel career or similar fields related to vehicle maintenance. Major Responsibilities: - Activate fuel pumps and fill fuel tanks of vehicles with gasoline or diesel fuel to specified levels - Check air pressure in tires, check motor oil, transmission, radiator, and other fluids - Adjust air, oil, water, or other fluids, as required - Clean windshields, and wash vehicles - Prepare daily reports of fuel, oil, and accessory sales - Order stock, price and shelve incoming goods - Occasionally perform minor repairs such as, install mounted tires, replace or rotate tires and complete preventative maintenance repairs. - Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisor Benefits: Penske values the well-being of our employees and their families. That's why we offer competitive wages and a wide range of benefits, including medical and dental insurance, prescription drug card, 401K and pension plans, flexible dependent care and medical spending accounts, spouse and child life insurance, employee referral bonus, and discounts with Penske partners Qualifications - High School Diploma or equivalent required - A valid driver's license is required - Tech or Vocational certification preferred - Must be able to work in a fast past, high energy environment - Effective communication both written and verbal is key to success, bilingual Spanish is a plus. - Basic computer skills preferred for data entry into maintenance systems. - Willingness to travel within district (close geographical area), work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a reference verification (to include past employment and education) are required. Physical Requirements: - The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. -The associate must regularly lift and /or move up to 25/lbs12kg, frequently lift and/or move up to 50lbs/ 23kg and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100lbs/45kg. -Specific vision abilities required by this job include Close vision, Distance vision, Peripheral vision, Depth perception and Ability to adjust focus. -While performing the duties of this Job, the associate is regularly required to stand; walk; sit and talk or hear. The associate is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans. Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, General Electric Capital Corporation and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 216,000 vehicles and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com to learn more.
We are currently looking to fill multiple customer service and sales positions in our Salem and Albany locations. The right person will love the thrill of a challenge, the excitement of working in a team, and the drive of tackling leadership responsibilities. Our company handles all face to face client interaction with new and existing customers. This position is full time and the pay is DOE hourly and commission. Competitiveness, hardworking, motivated, and customer sales skills would be the ideal characteristics of an employee who could excel in customer service. D.M. Management Group Promotes 100% from within! We do not outsource for any of our leaderhip roles. Job Summary:The successful candidate will be an integral part of our client's customer service and sales organization. They will assist the Market Manager in developing and executing a successful public relations strategy and will receive FULL TRAINING in sales and business development designed to gear them up for management roles.  What You’ll Learn:How our dynamic team creates business solutions unmatched by competitorsHow Sales, Marketing, and Customer Service fits into the big picture of what drives every great companyMarketing yourself to others inside and outside of your professional lifeHow fun at work actually create progressive more successful company cultureDeveloping & Managing a relationship with a growing client Benefits:Fast track career growthStrong team environmentTeam building work environmentPersonal and professional coaching by the industry’s finestLeadership developmentRequirements Qualities Our Team Members Exemplify: WORK WELL UNDER PRESSURE - Our clients are household names and expect our teams to deliver their best work and adhere to strict deadlines. Nevertheless, our team remains calm, cool, collected and is confident in our ability to deliver results. LEARN FROM MISTAKES - Everyone makes them. Our management encourages an environment where we examine data carefully, adapt accordingly and modify our training and overall game plan. We do not get discouraged but seek the right questions and answers. DEMAND PRECISION - We do not leave anything to chance. Through the use of proper tools, diverse training, and innovative solutions, we are able to meet our clients growing business needs. We are not afraid to take chances, but we take all available measure to reduce risk. SETTING GOALS - We consistently evaluate our team members performance and assess current and future capabilities in order to develop our teams maximum potential through training and mentorship. Our management is also not afraid to look for their own areas of improvement as well. We are seeking motivated individuals to help us grow our Customer Service & Sales Team. Because we are Entry Level, you do not need a background in sales. But, you DO need to have the above characteristics to be successful at our firm. Apply Online or Visit Us Online: http://www.developmentalitymanagement.com
Entry Level Sales & Customer Service Representative Are you looking for a CAREER rather than just a job? The daily work environment at Leo Marketing Acquisitions, is fun, fast-paced, and inspirational. Every day is filled with new challenges and opportunities. Do you want to have a more challenging career? Would you enjoy more money with management opportunities? At Leo Marketing Acquisitions, renowned for creativity and innovation, we pride ourselves on being different, forward thinking and fun. When you’re a part of our family, you’ll be a part of the “can do" atmosphere that makes our company unlike any other. Our promotional entertainment marketing firm has recently signed a huge client for the upcoming season!  We specialize in the promotions and sales of the most exciting and well-known clients in the world today. Our direct methods are capable of reaching 90%-99% of our clients specific target market. With the commitment we've made to our clients and the use of our direct methods, we've continued to rapidly grow and expand. Servicing a high volume of clients we currently have several immediate openings available in the following areas:Entry LevelSales / PromotionsAdvertising / MarketingManagement OpportunitiesCollege Internship Opportunities RequirementsRequired Skills/Abilities: The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.Good verbal communication skillsInteracts effectively with people and groupsUpbeat & positive attitude with great energyMaintains good customer relationsHandles large crowds effectivelyAbility to approach and ask consumers to participate in a promotionInteracts effectively with all levels of management and employeesTeam playerSelf StarterStudent Mentality   We are willing to train individuals from the ground up, so these positions are perfect for college grads or those just hungry for the opportunity to prove themselves in a new career. If you are enthusiastic about building your career and looking for rapid advancement, then Leo Marketing Acquisitions is the team for you. Submit your resume today for immediate consideration. management@leomarketingacquisitions.com
Customer Service/Production Scheduling RepresentativeThe Customer Service/Production Scheduling Representative is responsible for planning and validating production schedules, as well as managing subcontract schedules, so that production will run smoothly and efficiently in order to fulfill customer needs to ensure customer satisfaction.ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO: ·         Main point of contact for Prelaunch and Production Customers (including and up to 20-40 customers)·         Contract review, Order entry and Acknowledgement of customer orders·         Monitor inventory, track production progress and review factors affecting production schedules·         Plan and validate production schedules·         Resolve and communicate necessary changes to internal and external customers·         Collaboration with Engineering, Quality and Sales to obtain proper information to release jobs to production·         Communicate daily with Production Manager, Materials Manager and Cell Leads regarding job priorities and scheduling issues·         Work with purchasing to ensure on time delivery of purchased items and schedule subcontract operations·         Address customer inquiries and follow established procedures to provide answers or refer calls to appropriate staff. Typical questions are focused on order status, product information, account status, and pricing for products or services·         Identify and communicate scheduling and customer service efficiencies to management·         Assist in Monthly and Quarterly forecasting and planning.·         Ability to drive fork lift and provide back up support for shipping & receiving·         Other tasks as assigned  Qualifications: ·         High School Diploma and 3-5 years of experience in manufacturing environment preferred·         Previous customer service experience, previous master scheduling experience preferred·         Excellent communication and organizational skills·         Experience using integrated manufacturing software·         Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office·         Strong ability to multi-task and manage small projects.·         Experience with ISO 9001 preferred·         Familiarity with Gantt Charts and usage of timelines to execute projects  WHAT CANDIDATES SAY ABOUT THIS RECRUITER:I will say that it has been a pleasure working with Scott. He is easy to talk with. Gave me great interviewing tips. He knew the players that would be interviewing me. He did a great job and that’s why I am now relocating to Tennessee.Ronald Koski 
We are a marketing firm looking for people with potential and an ambitious drive, rather than experience, to aggressively expand in the area.  We are hiring for ENTRY LEVEL CUSTOMER SERVICE, marketing, and sales positions. We have an aggressive expansion plan laid out and are looking to find a person who would love to work in a, fun, competitive, positive-minded environment. What We Do: We are an outsourcing customer acquisition firm. That means our clients hire us to provide a personal touch with customers that they can’t do themselves and don’t trust anyone else to do. Because our personal approach has proved to be so successful, we do not do any telemarketing or direct mail. We also do not do residential sales! We offer a salary with bonuses available.  Who We're Looking For:  You must be willing to start off at the ENTRY LEVEL.You must possess great people skills.You must demonstrate excellent work ethic.You must have a positive business attitude like the rest of our enthusiastic staff.You must be confident you'll be successful, just waiting for a career opportunity where you can prove yourself. Why We Are Hiring: Our clients are asking us to bring them more customers. Therefore, our goal is to find someone to help us run our new location and help in our expansion efforts. The person we hire will get management training and have unlimited growth opportunity. Our Management Training Program focuses on the following areas: Sales and Marketing. (No telemarketing! No direct mailing! No commission only pay!)Leadership SkillsEffective Communication TechniquesMarketing Campaign RolesSales StrategiesTeam Management Employees with a proven track record will have the opportunity to participate in our Leadership and Management Development Program. PROMOTIONS based upon performance. No Experience Necessary!
RAC Planning Staff Representative - Customer ServiceThe RAC Plannnig Staff Representative – Customer Service is responsible for the development and implementation of Customer Service standard work, policy and procedures for all customer facing roles including Gold, Exit, IRR and Choice.  Partners with cross-divisional stakeholders on the development of initiatives impacting customers and employees. Provides guidance and support to station leadership to achieve and/or improve performance.  Integrates effective change management components into strategic project plans to set frontline leadership and frontline teams up for success. Responsible for providing communication tools and the development of bulletins to the field as well as manual updates to front line employees and station leadership for Customer service standard work.  Supports efforts to improve the quality and content of customer service training and the automation of training.Educational Background:Minimum 4 year college degree, in Business Administration with applicable work experience.Professional Experience:Experience in the auto industry, rental car industry or fleet management is a plus.Knowledge:Detailed analysis of cost drivers and business modelingDemonstrated strong Business and Finance acumenExperience with process mapping a plusAbility to query databases and generate meaningful reports from big dataSkills:Ability to influence others without formal authorityProject management, Change management, Business case management, Requirements managementPlanning and control, Time managementOrganization skills, Presentation skills, Excellent written skillsExcellent MS Excel skillsAbility to work comfortably across functional and geographical boundariesTop end analytical skillsStrategic thinkingStrong interpersonal skillsAbility to effectively communicate at all levelsChange agentProficient in MS Office suite of tools (Excel, Access, Word, PowerPoint)Hertz is a Drug-Free Workplace. All employment is contingent on successful completion of drug and background screening.EOE/AA/M/F/D/V
RESTAURANT/ BAR / RETAIL / CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE WANTED!Marketing/Advertising/SalesOur Customer Relations and Customer Service Management Training program is recognized as one of the best in the marketing & advertising industry!If you have great people skills and enjoy working with the public, we want to meet you!We have full-time Customer Relations Representative and Customer Relationship Manager Trainee openings available for career minded individuals with unbeatable people skills. This is an entry level opening NOT in a call center environment. If you have restaurant, bar, or retail experience then we want to hear from you!Servicing retail giants with a smile and a handshake is why our company has enjoyed unprecedented growth this year. We pride ourselves on developing and executing unique, and personable advertising campaigns focusing on customer acquisition for our clients.JOB REQUIREMENTSWe have committed to expanding our Denver office to 3 new locations that our clients are expanding to this year; therefore, we must start talent scouting right away for managers, assistant managers, and promotional representatives for those offices. Each opening is Entry Level which means NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED! Each opening is highly competitive. We look for 4 critical attributes each candidate must possess:· Above average people skills· Excellent student mentality· Winning attitude· Great work ethic and ambitionWe offer personal, hands-on training tailored to each individual’s strengths and weaknesses. We also offer promotions and compensation based on each person's merit and achievements, NOT seniority. If you're tired of rotating shifts, making minimum wage, no growth, or "Last Call" hours... Let us be your answer!BENEFITS*High Income Potential*Flexible Schedule*Part-Time and Full Time Hours Available*Exciting Work Environment*Unlimited Growth Potential*Stability and SecurityAPPLY NOW!!For immediate consideration please send resume today!NOTE: This is NOT a position in a restaurant; we are looking forpeople with a high level of customer service experience such as thosewith restaurant experience.    Candidates with interest in the following industries should apply: marketing, sales, entry level marketing, marketing management, director of sales, director of sales promos, director of sales promotions, distribution sales manager, district sales manager, field rep, field representative, field sales engineer, floor supervisor, independent consultant, inside sales, inside sales rep, inside sales representative, international sales account manager, internet sales manager, major, account exec, major account executive, major account manager, major account rep, major, account representative, manufacturers rep, manufacturer’s representative, market research, marketing, medical sales, merchandise manager, national account manager, national sales manager, national sales rep, national sales representative, point of sale supervisor, product sales manager, quote clerk, regional sales manager, sales & marketing, sales & marketing admin, sales & marketing administrator. sales & marketing director, sales & marketing manager, sales account manager, sales administrator, sales analyst, sales and marketing, sales and marketing admin
Workforce - Bilingual (SPANISH) Receptionist/Customer Support – provides clerical support & customer service for Workforce Training. MIN REQ: HS diploma or equiv., 40 wpm net & proven exp. using multi-lingual skills.  Salary: $13.58/hr. Office Specialist – provides clerical support for the Vegas PBSEducational Media Services/Center. Min Req: HS diploma or equiv., (4) yrs clerical exp; 40 wpm net.  Salary: $13.58/hr. Applicants must register at https://ccsdjobs.searchsoft.net/ats/app_login?COMPANY_ID=MA000239   & send resume to Recruitment@VegasPBS.org.  Positions close on July 8 2016. See full job description at VegasPBS.org. EOEProvided by The Las Vegas Review Journal
Primary Purpose and Essential Functions: Manage and perform Customer Service functions regarding designated business from a geographically defined territory or assigned customer base which could include regional, dedicated or a decentralized National Account. This position will assist in balancing available capacity and freight demands in conjunction with maintaining a positive working relationship with a core group of customers. Will be responsible for daily hands on customer related situations and resolving load discrepancies.Lead and solicit business from a specific or assigned number of customers by using daily available capacity.Commit to and receive detailed customer load information by telephone, fax or electronic tendering, and input all load information into the system accurately to ensure system integrity.Serve as Customer's first line of communication and refer Customer to the proper departments if/when necessary (i.e. Pricing, claims, etc.) Act as main point of contact for decentralized accounts for the purpose of managing and streamlining discrepancy queue information, service failure reporting and trailer management, as necessary. Communicate service problems, turned down freight, and new business opportunities to Sales. Responsible for monitoring and tracing loads so that follow up can be made to Customers regarding late pickups and or deliveries; as well as any other changes that may occur. Anticipate and facilitate problem resolution on all load issues to meet or exceed total satisfaction of Customers. Responsible for managing service issues by researching and coding all applicable service failures in the system to support accurate service reporting. Assist in collecting and maintaining current Customer information in the system.To serve as an internal extension of sales to increase established customer business and opportunities.Responsible for managing EDI related requirements regarding 214 Status releasing or other similar electronic transmissions as required by Customer.Maintains knowledge of customer contractual requirements relative to trailer pools in order to keep turns at the level set to gain optimum utilization of company equipment.Responsible for managing and clearing assigned user discrepancy queue to expedite the billing process.Create monthly reports regarding service levels for customers as well as participate on any service oriented conference calls to supply definitionMaintain a positive work atmosphere by acting and communicating in a manner which facilitates the success of business operations in order to meet company and customer requirements.Perform additional duties as assigned by leadership. Skills: Must possess professional skills deemed necessary to interact with Customers on a corporate level including making on-site visits when warranted. Use exemplary telephone skills to present a quality oriented image where the Customer is treated in a consistent, courteous, and efficient manner, so that the impression is one of excellence.Keyboard skills, able to adapt and maximize technological and software solutions, ability to create reports and spreadsheets with existing programming resources available, ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, excellent time management skills.Education: High school diploma or GEDExperience Required: Minimum of two (2) years Customer Service or Customer Service Relations experience required � preferably in related industry; one (1) � two (2) years of internal Customer Service Representative II preferred Position Requirements: Must possess professional skills deemed necessary to interact with Customers on a corporate level including making on-site visits when warranted. Use exemplary telephone skills to present a quality oriented image where the Customer is treated in a consistent, courteous, and efficient manner, so that the impression is one of excellence.Keyboard skills, able to adapt and maximize technological and software solutions, ability to create reports and spreadsheets with existing programming resources available, ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, excellent time management skills. Required Education: High school diploma or GED Required Experience: Minimum of two (2) years Customer Service or Customer Service Relations experience required � preferably in related industry; one (1) � two (2) years of internal Customer Service Representative II preferred Job ID: 2684We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against applicants due to race, ethnicity, gender, veteran status, or on the basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Title Store Manager - Retail Sales / Customer Service Auto req ID 5993BR City Milwaukee State Wisconsin Job Category Sales Employment Status Full-Time Job Description At Extra Space Storage, if it matters to you, it matters to us! Fast-paced and collaborative company with over 1,200 stores (and growing) seeks career-oriented, success-driven, passionate, intelligent and fun store manager for challenges, success and career growth!  Great retail sales environment without the retail hours! Does this sound to you like a great match?  If so, we’re looking for YOU!    OverviewIs your enthusiasm and passion for helping people contagious?  Why not bring them to a new workplace where you can really make your mark? If you enjoy working with other highly engaged people, a culture that embraces innovation, delivering world class customer service, and the opportunity to grow your career – then Extra Space Storage is the place for you!At Extra Space Storage, the Store Manager is critical in creating a welcoming environment, creating the cleanest locations in the industry, and identifying customer needs and exceeding their expectations. Extra Space Storage seeks employees that have entrepreneurial, can-do, positive attitudes, adaptability to change, and integrity. If you possess these qualities and want to join a dynamic, growing organization, then we are excited to hear from you! External Requirements  QualificationsYou could have experience from a variety of environments including retail sales, restaurant, sales associate, and other customer-centered selling rolesEnergetic, outgoing, customer oriented personalityLeadership skills and experience supervising others is preferred.A High School diploma /GED equivalent. College education a plusAbility to perform light maintenance.Strong Computer SkillsMinimum two year Customer Service and/or Sales experienceValid driver’s license with access to reliable transportationWillingness to travel to multiple retail locationsBenefitsWe are a dynamic growing company with competitive pay and benefits. We have a great culture and rewarding work environment with the opportunity for advancement. Note: If you have experience working in any of the following areas, we encourage you to apply: retail, sales associate, customer service, retail jobs, assistant manager, retail sales, retail store, retail management, retail industry, 5 star customer service, sales.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.  External Responsibilities Responsibilities Successful Store Managers achieve financial goals by: Accurately managing cash and balancing receipts, pursuing collections, posting payments and processing daily bank deposits accurately and timely. As a Store Manager you’ll work alongside your team to maximize sales objectives with each prospective customer via the phone, web or in person at your location. You will have the opportunity to recommend and implement marketing strategies based on competitor information and your own great ideas. Our team members consistently practice exceptional customer service by welcoming future and current customers in a friendly, enthusiastic and professional manner. Store Managers work with customers to identify their needs and provide solutions that will contribute to their storage experience. It is retail, so you will get the chance to sell/upsell high quality retail merchandise such as boxes, locks, tape and other moving supplies. Our team members enjoy working outdoors. When not taking care of customers in the office, our Store Managers spend approximately 50% of their time walking and tending to the property to ensure the facility is kept to the highest of cleanliness standards. This includes cleaning units, sweeping, mopping, changing light bulbs and other general maintenance duties. Successful Store Managers need to be able to perform at a high level without constant supervision, but also thrives in a team environment. Our customers are important. You will get to build a loyal customer base by creating great customer experiences and exceeding customer expectations. As a store manager you will manage the day to day operations of the business and provide mentoring opportunities with assistant managers.  Salary Range $11.68-$15.76
Customer Service  / Sales Representative - Paid Training! Benefits to working with Sandow Business Solutions:•A team oriented and FUN Environment •Several networking and learning retreats nationally and internationally each year•Public speaking practice in small and large groups•Sales skills•You’re not micro-managed•Full hands-on training in sales and marketing•A full time position with a work life balanceJob PurposeServes customers by providing product and service information. This position involves one on one sales interactions with customers.Duties:Attracts potential customers by answering telling of our promotions, product and service questions; suggesting information about other products and services.Opens customer accounts in conjunction with our call center (this is NOT a call center position).Maintains customer records by updating account information.Resolves product or service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint; determining the cause of the problem; selecting and explaining the best solution to solve the problem; expediting correction or adjustment; following up to ensure resolution.Maintains financial accounts by processing customer information for retention purposes.Recommends potential products or services to management by collecting customer information and analyzing customer needs.Prepares product or service reports.Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.Skills/Qualifications:Customer ServiceProduct KnowledgeQuality FocusProblem SolvingMarket KnowledgeDocumentation SkillsListening, Phone SkillsResolving ConflictAnalyzing Information Multi-tasking
Customer Service Events AssistantDo you have experience in Customer Service/Sales or Events? Do you have great Customer Service skills or want to learn?Elmhurst, Chicago, IL, 60126 F.A.S.T. Global Marketing is a start-up company specializing in creating personalized, quality results for our clients and their consumers through face-to-face acquisitions and advertising.We have years of experience increasing brand awareness and enhancing brand image for our clients, and rely on our ability to forge personal connections. People buy because of people, and this is something that F.A.S.T Global Marketing swears by.We are currently looking for Customer Service Events Assistants to join our team ASAP so we can offer our existing clients more exposure and then begin working with new clients.So, If you’re over 18 years of age, looking for a job in the Chicago area, and interested in customer service and sales… we’d love to hear from you!Initially, you’ll be attracting attention and speaking to customers on a daily basis at venues and main streets with heavy foot traffic throughout the region. You’ll be explaining our client’s products and services, missions and success stories, and helping interested customers complete the registration forms.We offer: product-training workshopsa team-oriented environmentfriendly competition and incentivesongoing guidance and supportuncapped earning potentialconference calls and networking contactsquarterly seminars and regional meetingsgrowth and travel opportunitiesWe know most customer service jobs don’t offer much progression, but our customer service events assistant openings are different…As our portfolio grows, we’ll be looking to develop people from within to help oversee new projects, campaigns, teams and even markets. Those with an interest in Team Leadership, Assistant Management or Business Management are encouraged to inquire about our advancement opportunities.Since we have business partners in various cities across the US and in Europe, travel opportunities may also be available to top performers! RequirementsRequirements and Recommendations:You’ll need to be 18+ years of age because you’ll be signing documents on behalf of our clientsYou’ll need to be able to commute to and from our office in Elmhurst and to and from the event locationsSales and/or retail experience will help your application because we work directly with the publicA solid work ethic and desire to succeed are important because we operate in a performance-based industryWe have multiple openings to fill and are looking to get people started ASAP, so send your resume to us today by clicking the apply button now!
About Our Company: ECN (Exam Coordinators Network) provides a wide array of services to assist clients in managing the cost of medical claims and cases. We procure and provide the highest quality independent medical examinations, medical record and radiology reviews, FCE's, Return-to-Work, and Fitness for Duty examinations, FMLA and ADA reviews from our nationwide network of experienced medical experts in all medical specialties and allied health professions. Our clients include but are not limited to: insurance carriers, third party administrators, attorneys, human resource professionals, public and private disability insurers, nurse case managers, risk managers, retirement funds, hospital risk managers, and other entities that need our medical evaluation services. At ECN, eligible employees may receive a competitive total compensation package that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short Term Disability, company match on Retirement contributions, and more! Eligible employees may also receive Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days. Job Description: Job title: Customer Service CoordinatorReports to: Customer Service Team Leader Job purpose The Customer Service Coordinator is responsible for providing quality customer service and interacting with clients to provide information in response to inquiries about services. Duties and responsibilities Delivers quality Customer Service from initial request for service until completion of end productAdheres to client protocols and jurisdictional regulations including, logging, processing and progress inquiriesContacts appropriate agencies for the purpose of verifying informationHandles incoming and outgoing calls effectively and efficiently meeting client standards/protocolsCommunicates immediately with the Customer Service Team Leader with regard to any client concernsMeets specific department metricsOperates company software and equipmentEnters data by inputting alphabetic and numeric information into system via keyboardDemonstrates strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task without compromising extreme attention to detailCommunicates using correct English, spelling, grammar, and punctuationAbility to understand and follow oral and written instructions while adhering to prescribed departmental routinesProficiency with imaging/scanning documentsMaintains confidentiality and discretion as a general ruleWorks effectively as a team contributor on all assignmentsInteracts professionally with other employees as well as clients   Has a clear and concise understanding, and adheres to, guidelines as they relate to HIPAA, Conflict of Interest, and Ethics  Understands current URAC standards as appropriate to job functions Qualifications HS Diploma or equivalentProficiency with MS Office SuiteBi-Lingual-A plusExcellent communication skills-verbal and writtenAbility to organize and prioritize work effectivelyAbility to accept and apply constructive feedback Physical requirements Ability to remain in a stationary position for long periods of time Ability to speak and  hear Manual dexterity sufficient to operate a computer keyboard and calculator The employee may be required to walkThe ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer) If interested, please click "Apply."
Customer Service Representative A world renowned skincare company, who is defining the future of social ecommerce in the anti-aging and adolescence skin care arena. Looking for several customer service representatives to join their team.  These are temp to hire's through LeadingEdge Personnel.  Located in North Austin 78758OpportunityThe customer service representatives will be directly responsible for the experience of the company’s consultants and retail customers.  Will coordinate efforts to ensure that all inbound calls and e-mail inquiries for are handled within required service levels and with an exceptional quality of interaction. They will be among the first in a new team of creative thinkers working in a small environment which will emphasize collaboration. Primary Responsibilities:Handle inquiries regarding orders, billing, commissions, and other consultant issues from consultants and retail customers, Emphasis on a high degree of courtesy and professionalism Support the internal product specialist department of nurses, with the knowledge and ability to provide answers to basic product questions Adhere to a structured workday schedule to provide maximum incoming call and email coverage and ensure service level deliveryMeet or exceed daily productivity measuresParticipate in team meetings and required trainingProvide month end support for the field as neededAssist with other duties as assigned by managementQualifications:Minimum two years Customer Service experience in a contact center environment handling inbound calls and emails.Bachelor's or Associate's degree desiredDirect Selling / Network Marketing industry experience preferredMust have analytical abilities to identifying trends and understand the root cause of problems as well as successesMust have strong problem solving abilities with excellent professional customer serviceMust have strong communication skills, including verbal and in written skills. Must have a clear and professional phone voiceMust be willing to work in a structured contact center environment that requires 100% customer interaction via phone and email.Strong interpersonal skills; professional, courteous, friendly, and empathetic.Ability to positively adjust to a rapidly changing environment. Proficient in all Microsoft Office applicationsCompensation: $13.50/hr as a temp (Temp to Hire) Salary will increase after the temporary portion has been completed Send a Word formatted resume A criminal background check will be conducted during the interview process    
Are you looking for an entry level position to boost your career into Management and Business Development? We are currently looking to fill positions in: -Marketing -Outside Business Sales Division -Account Management -Team Leadership and Development Our staff get individualized hands-on coaching in: -Sales / Marketing -Leadership -Human Resources -Public Speaking -Team Development & Management We are looking for 3-4 sharp, professional and fun individuals to represent our clients and grow their career with our company! For Immediate Consideration submit your resume Job Requirements If you are someone who is ready to learn, wants to have fun at work, wants to grow personally and professionally and is willing to work hard for that growth, Synergy Management may be the place for you. The first step to seeing if we're compatible. Send us your resume. We look forward to getting to know you.RequirementsThe ideal candidate has: 4 Year college degree, or related course work 1-2 years of experience in either a team environment or internship A professional image A great student with an open mind and sense of humor A Competitive spirit Able to quote Will Ferrell on multiple occasions .... Just Kidding. Seeing if you were paying attention. If you were or you are able to quote Will Ferrell, please apply. You passed the test. You think you got what it takes?! About Synergy Management Group: Synergy Management has had the honor of collaborating with Fortune 500 clients on local and regional marketing promotions in the Tulsa, Abilene, Wichtah & Fort Collins area. Our experience on the ground means we're a powerful asset for your business's campaigns and publicity efforts. Like a fine suit, every service offered to Synergy Management's clients are finely tailored based on specific products and targets. For strong and consistent performance that'll leap out at you from a spreadsheet and engaging communication that brings a smile to customers' faces, choose us for your new and current product promotions.    marketing, advertising, sales, event marketing, entry level, entry level management, entry level sales, entry level marketing, public relations, customer service, retail, restaurant, hospitality, sports, entertainment, events, campaigns, promotions, event planning, promotional sales
Who we areAt the Texas County & District Retirement System (TCDRS), we help provide more than 255,000 Texans with retirement, disability and survivor benefits. TCDRS is one of the best-funded retirement systems in the nation. Although we provide retirement benefits or “pensions” to hard-working Texans, our unique features distinguish us from traditional pension plans and keep us financially strong: What we needWe are looking for conscientious, focused and professionally motivated employees to join our Member Services Team. A passion for helping others is a must. The primary purpose of our Customer/Member Services Representatives is to provide quality information and services that are appropriate to the needs of TCDRS members, employers and stakeholdersprimarily via telephone, but also in person and via other communication channels. In 2015 Member Services received more than 80,000 calls and produced more than 17,500 benefit estimates.    What you’ll doCommunicate information about TCDRS benefits, services, administrative policies, and tax issues primarily via telephone, but also in person and via other communication channels.Handle and analyze customer inquiries, respond to customer requests, determine eligibility for benefits, and investigate and resolve customer problems.Update customer data and document call information.Provide written correspondence with approved document templates.Calculate and produce basic member benefit estimates.Suggest and participate in implementing initiatives to improve Member Services effectiveness.Work toward becoming a Certified Retirement Counselor through the International Foundation for Retirement Education. What you should haveA bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience.Experience in customer service preferably in insurance, banking or retirement.Excellent written and verbal skills.Interpersonal skills necessary to listen empathetically while conveying courtesy, patience and confidence with all customers.The ability to stay organized, calm and constructive when handling stressful situations.The ability to strictly adhere to work and break schedules; ability to work occasional overtime, weekends, or extended hours as needed to manage team workload.Bilingual in English and Spanish a plus. What you’ll getTCDRS offers a competitive salary, excellent health benefits and a stable, pleasant work environment located in Austin, Texas (near Zilker Park). This is not just a job, but a chance to help thousands of Texans plan for the future.  What to do nextIf this sounds like you, submit your resume to resumes@ tcdrs.org. Please refer to the job title in the subject line of your email. Visit www.tcdrs.org for more information.
RESPONSIBILITIES:Kforce has a client seeking a Customer Service Representative / Call Center in San Diego, CA.Responsibilities: Inbound/Outbound calls 100 calls/day 80% escalated calls Return voice mail and email messages immediatelyREQUIREMENTS: At least 1 year of Customer Service/Call Center experience Basic Computer Abilities: general knowledge of Word, Excel, and Outlook Must be able to type 40 WPM Medical Knowledge (+)Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Customer Service - Event / Retail Marketing & Advertising Firm Marketing, Sales and Customer Service Representatives needed for New Positions! ATL Events Group, Inc. is an expanding marketing firm based in Atlanta  We are planning to expand into 8 additional locations next year.  We work with clients from leading industries across the country with a strong focus in the promotional retail event industry! We have an internal training program where we are looking to create our next generation of branch managers from within. On a daily basis we represent our clients in some of the nation's largest retailers.  We develop dynamic, unique, and progressive marketing and advertising campaigns tailored to clients whose industries include fashion/cosmetics, gourmet foods, audio/entertainment, automotive, and health/wellness.  Our goal is to elevate our clients' brands and to build a consumer base through customer service driven campaigns.  Candidates will be trained in:  ENTRY LEVEL MANAGEMENTPROMOTIONAL SALES CUSTOMER SERVICE EVENT MARKETINGPUBLIC RELATIONS RETAIL MERCHANDISING We have positions starting on the entry level and value experience in Retail, Customer Service, Sales, Public Relations, Promotions, and Event Planning. Requirements • CUSTOMER SERVICE / PEOPLE SKILLS • POSITIVE ATTITUDE • CAREER MINDED   NO EXPERIENCE IS REQUIRED BUT THE WILLINGNESS TO LEARN IS EXPECTED. THIS IS NOT A TELEMARKETING OR GRAPHIC DESIGN POSITION. We DO NOT participate in any of the following:NO Door to Door SalesNO Business to Business SalesNO Telemarketing http://atleventsgroup.com/ *** We are also currently accepting applications for internships from current college students and graduates *** 
HIRING - PART TIME ALTERATIONS CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVEA Career That’s Meant to BeAt David’s Bridal, we empower our customers and our employees to stay true to their dreams and find the one, whether that means the wedding dress that matches her personal style—or the career that’s a perfect fit.We’re looking for people with diverse backgrounds and fresh ideas to help create a uniquely personal retail experience.Now Accepting Applications for Part TimeAlterations SpecialistThe Alterations CSR is responsible for providing professional and unsurpassed customer service to our David’s Bridal customers. They specifically provide detailed information about our alterations services and respond to customer inquiries.Our most successful Alterations CSR’s are self-motivated individuals with upbeat, outgoing personalities, and excellent communications skills. They enjoy fast-paced environments, are incredible at multi-tasking, and offer friendly and encouraging service to all that enter our alterations department.If you would like to be part of a dynamic team, start the process in alterations as our customers dress for the most important days of their lives, and earn a competitive income, we would love to discuss your future at David’s Bridal.Our store will host interviews over the next two weeks.Alterations CSRResponsibilities:Customer Service Skills:Provide excellent customer service to all customers and support all efforts to build a customer-centric culturePrioritize tasks, while maintaining an emphasis on servicing the customerCommunicate effectively with store staff and customersAnalytical Skills:Ability to understand and operate all systems within the store areaAbility and willingness to learn  new computer applications as neededAbility to read and process product information, including intranet content, newsletters, pamphlets, and Company documentsAbility to understand and adhere to safety guidelines or procedures set forth by the companyPhysical Requirements:Manual dexterity to perform non-selling responsibilities, such as use of POS (Point of Sale) terminals, counting money, steaming garments, accessing computers and receiving or initiating telephone callsManual dexterity to sew and perform fittings to David’s Bridal standards, as neededAbility to move throughout the store, lift and or move up to 10 pounds, climb, stoop, kneel, crouch, and reach with armsPart Time AvailableProfessional EnvironmentGenerous Employee Discount After First Pay PeriodIf you are interested in working in our stores, please note that the online application process will take approximately 30 minutes.Now that we’ve popped the question, please say “I do”.<br />#CJT_jobBodyContent p {<br /> margin: 10px !important;<br /> min-height: 13px !important;<br />}<br />
Hiring! Immediate openings for Customer Support Specialists for a world renowned technology company in the San Antonio, TX area. These are inbound technical support positions. Hours of operation for the center are 6am-11pm.Pay rate is $12.50. We want your excellent customer service skills for a company that built its reputation on customer service! You'll have the opportunity to support the hottest technology in the marketplace! If you have a passion for customer service along with trouble shooting experience you are encouraged to apply!Volt Offers: Competitive Wages, Benefits and Flexible Schedules. We offer a relaxed and fun environment while learning about the latest products in technology. This is your opportunity to get your foot in the door, but don't stop there....We offer opportunities for advancement; Volt promotes from within!! Bring your most updated resume to 3300 Sidney Brooks Rd. Bldg. 532, San Antonio, TX 78235.Unable to come in person? Call 210-338-7604. Dress for interview and bring a friend! Walk-ins are always welcome. Why? Because you deserve a job you love!!Volt has 60 years of experience and is a leader in the staffing industryVolt is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Applicants must be at least 18 years of age; High School Diploma/GED; Type at least 25 wpm; pass customer assessments; Candidates must be able to work a full-time position; Employment offer is contingent upon successful completion of pre-screening eligibility requirements
CUSTOMER SUPPORT TECHNICIANCONSOLIDATED COURTAUTOMATION PROGRAMSThe Consolidated Court Automation Programs (CCAP) is seeking qualified candidates for a full-time Customer Support Technician. The CCAP Customer Support department is responsible for supporting an efficient computing infrastructure throughout the Wisconsin Court System, which includes computers, peripherals, and networking equipment for over 2800 users in 80 remote locations. LOCATION: Madison, WI with about 25% statewide travel required.SALARY: Competitive salary with a State of Wisconsin benefits package. RESPONSIBILITIES: (1) Provides technical phone support to all employees of the Wisconsin Court System (75%); (2) Installs, configures and troubleshoots computer hardware and software in courthouses and other court system offices throughout Wisconsin (20%); (3) Reacts to technical emergencies and takes appropriate action (5%).QUALIFICATIONS: Required: (1) Experience providing phone-based customer support; (2) Training or experience in computer hardware and software support and maintenance; (3) Experience installing, configuring, upgrading and troubleshooting computers, scanners, printers, and other peripherals; (4) Ability to lift heavy objects; (5) Valid Wisconsin driver's license; Preferred: Experience supporting (1) Active Directory/group policies; (2) Windows Server; (3) Remote Desktop Services, and (4) Wide Area Networking.TO APPLY: Please go to our website http://www.wicourts.gov/courts/employment/apply.htm and submit a cover letter and resume (please combine your cover letter and resume to one document) clearly indicating your qualifications and the position title Technical Support Engineer (Customer Support Technician) (#17-1441). If you are unable to apply online please send application materials to human.resources@wicourts.gov or send to: Human Resources, 110 East Main Street Suite 430, Madison, WI 53703-3356, (608) 266-3501 or FAX (608) 261-8293. Failure to follow these procedures may result in your disqualification.DEADLINE: The application deadline is 11:59 p.m. on Tuesday August 16, 2016. The Wisconsin Court System will provide reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants when requested. For additional information on the court system visit our website at www.wicourts.gov Equal Employment Opportunity madison.com 324840
Do you have at least 1 - 2 years of call center experience and come from a customer service environment in banking, insurance, mortgage, or vehicle title administration?Look no further! We have several openings, that might be a fit for you!Our client is looking for Customer Service Representatives to manage transactions to support client needs based on departmental operation requirements and on client requirements.Customer Service Representatives are required to meet client needs by either responding to client inquiries on vehicle titling and registration processes for various dealers, state motor vehicles agencies, customers and clients, obtaining vehicle title status, or processing vehicle titles due to requested changes. They may also process applications for duplicate vehicle titles, process changes to vehicle titles, or process payments. Company proprietary software systems are utilized for research and data entry.In today’s job market, “who you know” matters more than ever – and that’s why you should get to know Volt. We’re one of the world’s largest recruiting companies, yet our success is built one successful placement at a time. Each of our recruiters has niche industry expertise, committed to connecting top talent with respected companies.Through Volt's Military Heroes Program, Volt secures the talents of American's veterans and encourages their dependents and spouses to contact Volt. Volt is a member of the Military Spouse Employment Partnership and is proud to support the Wounded Warrior Project. http://www.voltmilitary.com/site/8417/commitment.html For more opportunities, connect with us online at volt.com/NorCal.Volt is an equal opportunity employer. High School diploma or equivalent. At least one year or more of consecutive call center experience and phone skills. Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft software applications (Office, Excel, Outlook.) Experience with data entry. Knowledge of state abbreviations preferred.
ENTRY LEVEL Customer Service and Sales positions.Please submit your resume by clicking the Apply Now button or for immediate consideration email your resume to HRIMConsultants@gmail.com IMConsultants is currently hiring entry level individuals with a customer service & sales background for the Account Executive position. We have found that candidates working in retail, restaurant, hospitality, or customer service positions are very easy to train for our Account Manager position. We specialize in areas of customer renewal, customer retention and customer acquisition.Our sales and marketing firm is the leader in the marketing industry and in tailoring customer service & sales to their needs. Our client wants us to deliver a face to face customer service experience. We do this by taking care of the existing customer base and providing personal care with new customers.Representing the third largest telecommunications company in the world, it is a priority for our team to provide the best customer service, professionalism, and to build land and maintain quality customer relationship. This job involves in person sales to business owners. This position offers a compensation structure where pay is based upon individual performance.JOB REQUIREMENTSDue to expansion, we are willing to train highly motivated people for management and customer service & sales opportunities but you must be willing to work hard in an entry level customer service, sales and marketing position. All openings are ideal for recent graduates, or professionals with customer service & sales experience looking for a career change because this is an entry level position in a brand new industry.For more information on IMConsultants please check our website         Candidates with the following interest should apply:Customer care, sales, entry level sales, customer relations, customer acquisition, customer conversion, customer response, customer renewal, customer retention, customer research, customer response, customer effectiveness, provides face to face service to customers, customer satisfaction, restaurant management, restaurant service, marketing and sales, services in hospitality, customer service evaluation, customer loyalty, customer service adviser, customer service analyst, customer service associate, customer service consultant, customer relationship adviser, customer relationship management.
Natural Born Leaders Inc. is in the connecting business, plain andsimple. Our focus is to help ambitious, self-starting job seekers (likeyou) realize their professional potential by connecting them with jobopportunities from clients who place similar value on the need forgrowth & the drive for success NBLinc's niche has been our ability to act as theliaison between our major clients and their customers. Through ourunique, relationship customer service oriented approach we havebeen able to provide our clients tremendous results in the areas ofcustomer service, retention, acquisition and increased market share.We pride ourselves on our competitive, but extremely friendly andfamily oriented work environment. Our culture promotes constantpersonal and professional growth, based on principles of respect,trust, and challenge. We are now striving to attract and train the most capable and skilledindividuals to help us acquire new clients, grow into new markets anddevelop new campaigns. We provide full training and careeradvancement in this globally expanding industry. Natural Born Leaders reviews promotions based upon individual performance.Entry Level Client Representatives are quickly cross-trained intoleadership positions in which they are groomed for management.Requirements- Great people interaction skills- Energetic- Product knowledge of HD (High Definition) Experience is recommended - Knowledgeable in Technology- Previous retail, sales, restaurant, or marketing experience
Provide direct contact with clients and customers to service and retain the account.-Relay accurate and detailed information through inbound and outbound calls from customers that pertain to Hazard Insurance, Mortgage Banking and Property Loss.-Balance multiple tasks including call handling, loan level review and call documentation within required metrics.-May provide information and promote the use of additional products and services as needed.Gather and track information and troubleshoot client/customer inquiries and problems.-Research/resolve loan level inquires as it relates to inbound/outbound call activity.-Follow standard policies and procedures for resolving problems and responding to the customer in a timely manner.-Recognize consistent problem areas and report to higher level for action.Build and maintain effective internal working relationships and support teamwork in meeting company goals.-Understand how the Customer Care Specialist role fits into the larger organizational context and ensure the smooth handoff of work (incoming and outgoing).-Communicate status updates and appropriately escalate issues and opportunities to meet the needs of clients and customers.-Participate in special projects, assume new responsibilities, and adjust priorities as requested.Assist with facilitation and training of new hires and associate cross-training initiatives.- Act as a mentor to Customer Care Specialist.- Act as a subject matter expert on customer care procedures.Note: Overtime and/or Saturday hours may be required
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., one of the world's largest insurance brokers, provides a full range of retail and wholesale property/casualty (P/C) brokerage and alternative risk transfer services globally, as well as employee benefit brokerage, consulting, and actuarial services in the United States. We also offer claims and information management, risk control consulting, and appraisal services to clients around the world. Gallagher Benefit Services, Inc. (GBS) consistently stands out in a competitive marketplace as an employer of knowledgeable, highly skilled and competitive talent. We are a company that touches businesses and their employees on a personal level. At the core, our job is to help protect the health and well-being of employees and their families and provide for their financial security – all while allowing employers to attract and retain the people they need to grow and succeed. As you consider the value of working for Gallagher Benefit Services, remember your talent, winning attitude and strong performance will be highly valued and will maximize your future potential. Position Summary:The Customer Service Representative provides customer service to a variety of customers over the telephone.Essential Duties:Responsible for  servicing a block of assigned  clients.  Receives and responds to customer service inquiries both written and verbal.  Follows-up on customer issues, researches problems and processes documents necessary to ensure a successful resolution.  Handles calls and correspondence that are predominantly routine but may require some deviation from standard procedures.Additional Considerations: Required:High school diploma Minimum of 1 year of customer service experienceWork Traits: Good verbal and written communication skills Knowledge of Microsoft Office programs including Power Point, Excel and PublisherU.S. Eligibility Requirements:Interested candidates must submit an application and resume/CV online to be considered Must be 18 years of age or older Must be willing to submit to a background investigation; any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation Must have unrestricted work authorization to work in the United States.  For U.S. employment opportunities, Gallagher hires U.S. citizens, permanent residents, asylees, refugees, and temporary residents. Temporary residence does not include those with non-immigrant work authorization (F, J, H or L visas), such as students in practical training status. Exceptions to these requirements will be determined based on shortage of qualified candidates with a particular skill. Gallagher will require proof of work authorization Must be willing to execute Gallagher's Employee Agreement or Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement, which require, among other things, post-employment obligations relating to non-solicitation, confidentiality and non-disclosureGallagher offers competitive salaries and benefits, including: medical/dental/vision plans, life and accident insurance, 401(K), employee stock purchase plan, educational expense reimbursement, employee assistance program, flexible work hours (availability varies by office and job function) training programs, matching gift program, and more.    Gallagher believes that all persons are entitled to equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against nor favor any applicant because of race, color, religion, sex, age, veteran status, disability, national origin, or any other legally protected status.  Equal employment opportunity will be extended in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, demotion, compensation, benefits, layoff, and termination.  In addition, Gallagher will make reasonable accommodations to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant with a disability, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business.
Customer Service: Entry Level Surge Connections has an immediate need for a Customer Service Associate to join our growing team.  We offer a competitive compensation package, excellent benefits and room for advancement! We are a rapidly-growing promotional marketing company, applying a customer-friendly, direct, results-driven approach to our marketing research and sales.  Because of our proven success and expertise, we continue to obtain new clientele as we dramatically increase our clients' product exposure, sales and brand recognition.  Availability Includes:  Customer Service & Client Relations  Marketing & Account Satisfaction  Customer and Client Associates  Assistant Management  What Surge has for you:Rapid growth and advancementCompetitive compensationSales and marketing experienceEnergetic and goal oriented team environmentTravel Experience Our plan is to double in size by the end of the year.   We need goal oriented team members who have the entrepreneurial mind set to contribute to our growth. Responsibilities in this program include:• Sales/Marketing • Team Leadership • Sales Training • Human Resources • Marketing Strategies and Sales Techniques • Oversee Campaign Development • Manage Customer Service, Administration, and Sales People     RequirementsIn order to excel in our program applicants MUST:Have a fun and energetic personalityHave thick skin and confidence to rebound from mistakesHave a genuine interest in helping and teaching othersHave a strong desire to learn leadership skillsBe someone who seeks out solutions rather than dwelling on problemsHave a "do whatever it takes to get the job done" mentality
Being locked out of a vehicle or in need of a tow truck can be a frustrating experience. It takes someone with outstanding customer service skills to help our customers through these situations. As an Emergency Roadside Dispatcher, you will attend industry-leading, paid training and utilize your customer service skills to assist GEICO policyholders in all 50 states.  After training, you will receive incoming customer service calls, verify insurance coverage, locate and dispatch assistance, and negotiate estimated arrival times with tow truck operators and/or locksmiths. At GEICO, the opportunity for career advancement is outstanding.  In fact, our associates average two promotions within the first three years!  In exchange for your hard work, we offer: *     Raises and promotions based upon your performance *     Professional development opportunities through GEICO University *     Coaching and feedback to help you further develop your customer service skillsWe’re looking for driven people who have:A high school diploma or equivalentPrior sales experience or strong desire to work in salesDemonstrated job stability  Excellent computer, grammar and multi-tasking skillsStrong attention to detail, and organizational, time management and decision making skills Must be comfortable working in a fast-paced, high-volume call centerAmong GEICO's outstanding benefits are:Medical, dental, vision and life insurance 401(k) and profit-sharing plan Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs Flexible spending accounts Tuition reimbursement Associate clubs and sports teams On-site fitness and dining facilities Business casual dressApply today! We’re interviewing now. Click “Apply Now" and complete our online application. You will need an active e-mail address and phone number, and we request at least 5 years of employment history.GEICODriving your career. Insuring your future. Please be prepared for multiple steps in our hiring process. GEICO conducts drug screens, credit and background checks, and may conduct health assessments of applicants who’ve accepted employment offers. EOE
    At PAS, the opportunity for career advancement is outstanding. In exchange for your hard work, we offer:·         Annual Evaluations·         Raises and promotions based upon your performance·         Professional development opportunities and on-going leadership training·         Opportunities to advance your career     The Customer Service Supervisor (CSS) is responsible for the supervision of the Customer Service Team Leads and Customer Service team.  The CSS must have a minimum of 1 year supervising a heavy inbound call center.  Must have healthcare knowledge in practices and procedures, including patient billing and insurance billing. The position relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.  The core responsibilities of a CSS must be management of staff assigned, ensure all inbound calls are answered, and outbound calls are made within existing guidelines. The CSS must possess the ability to coach and/or take over calls requiring assistance to his/her employees. The CSS must also ensure the highest level of Customer Service is performed by the Team along with staff counseling and continued development. The CSS will ensure service level agreement goals are met and or exceeded.  This position requires the ability to work independently, ability to accomplish goals, provide excellent customer service and communication skills, creativity, patience and flexibility. Customer Service Supervisor reports to the department Manager.      EDUCATION & WORK EXPERIENCE:   The CSS must meet the following minimum requirements:•   High school diploma or equivalent with at least two years college or equivalent preferred•   A minimum of one year previous work experience as a Customer Service Supervisor•   A full understanding of customer service, insurance follow-up processes (i.e. Billing, Collections, Managed Care, Medicare, Medicaid and Commercial Practices)•   Well developed inter-personal skills.      REQUIRED JOB KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS:•   Call Center Supervisor Experience•   Able to Work with Minimum Supervision in a Fast Paced Environment•   Ability to Manage 7-15 Employees•   Understanding of ACD Metrics•   Understanding of KPI Reporting and Improvement Programs•   Excellent Professional Verbal and Written Communication Skills•   Reliable Attendance Record•   Ability to Work During Non-Business Hours•   Knowledge of EOBs, CPT & ICD-9 codes, HCFAs, UB04s, HCPCS, DRGs and authorizations/referrals•   Good Problem Solving and Analytical Skills•   Ability to Learn / Stay Abreast of Relevant Policies•   Computer Literate with proficiency in MS Word, Excel, and Outlook•   Basic Project Management Skills•   Ability to Type a Minimum of 30 wpm•   Detail Oriented and Well Organized•   Outstanding Listening Skills•   Ability to Perform Under Pressure in a Calm Manner•   Strong Math Skills •   High Degree of Accuracy•   Positive Attitude •   Flexible•   Team Player•   Assist with Special Projects•   Other Duties as Assigned        CORE RESPONSIBILITIES & JOB FUNCTIONS:    Core responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the items listed below:Statistical Reporting•   Generates/Compiles Production Reports•   Generates/Compiles Account Receivable Reports•   Generates/Compiles Employee Personnel Reports Employee Management•   Coach and Mentor Team Members•   Participates in Hiring of Qualified, Competent Personnel•   Completes Regular Reviews of Staff Timely•   Models and Reinforces Leadership/Ethical Behavior in Self and Others•   Train Team Members Team Performance•   Provide Patient Friendly Customer Service•   Monitor KPIs and ACD Reporting for Quality, Timeliness and Process Flow Effectiveness and Precision •   Determine Areas of Improvement and Efficiency Gains with assigned staff and processes•   Assist & Resolve Patient Inquiries/Requests in 24 Hour Period Communication•   Support Senior Leadership Decisions and Processes providing constructive feedback•   Obtain Supporting Documentation Regarding Patient/Client Follow-up Efforts•   Review and Interpret Patient Statements for Balance Accuracy and Client Contractual Terms/Agreements•   Remain Current on Client Issues, Resolution and Communicate as Necessary•   Track and Determine Appropriate Supporting Documentation for all Follow-up/Collection Activity Quality Assurance•   Active Call Listening, Call Barge as Necessary and Quality Monitoring of Personnel•   Resolve Complaints on Escalated Level•   Account Review and Documentation when Appropriate•   Identify Contractual & Administrative Adjustments        WORK ENVIRONMENT:•   Physical Demands:  While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; balance; stoop; talk or hear.  Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. •   Work Environment:  The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate•   Work Hours:  Salaried position which often requires exceeding the normal 40 hours per week
The Job Window is seeking an Entry Level Direct Customer Service Representative for one of the leading Promotional Advertising and Retail Marketing Firms in the Dallas area. Our focus on customer service is unparalleled! The Goals Are Simple: Every consumer must benefit from the promotions, every client must benefit from the services provided and every representative must benefit from the training and team spirit of the company!The Challenge: We are continuously expanding the client base as well as the number of territories covered on a National scale. The current client base is extremely diverse, and operating territories now stack up to 5 across the nation. These growing retail marketing campaigns are in need of a customer service professional that can work on site at the promotional events providing direct customer and client support through promotional techniques. The Position: The Direct Customer Service position currently open is an Entry Level position, with no ceiling on growth. If you are looking to step directly into a management position, this is NOT the position for you. All managers are required, regardless of past experience, to train at an Entry Level prior to taking on management responsibilities. The Direct Customer Service Representative will work in an environment that is centered on being a part of a team and being included in a family atmosphere.  By bringing in a diverse individual who has an array of expertise, skills and potential, it helps senior management to create progressive promotional marketing solutions for clients. The Job Window is looking for a key individual to provide customer service and promotional knowledge to the existing and future client base.  Join a company that invests in its employees and truly wants YOU to succeed! Benefits of the Direct Customer Service Position:Comprehensive Training by a National ManagerTravel opportunitiesOpportunity For Community and Charity InvolvementFlexible SchedulingNumerous Advancement OpportunitiesRequirementsDo You Have The Qualifications?Required Customer Service ExperienceAbility To Learn and Apply Marking / Promotional StrategiesStrong interpersonal and customer service skillsDesire for an Entry Level Opportunity with Management Goals
Description DIRECTV, now part of the AT&T family, would like to invite you to our Open Interview Hiring Event on Saturday, June 18th. We will have recruiters and site supervisors available to answer any questions you have about what it is like working at DIRECTV/AT&T. You will have the opportunity to interview so you can fill us in on how your skills and experience will make a great fit for the DIRECTV/AT&T team! Our Eden Prairie call center is growing! We are looking for talented customer service and sales superstars that want to take advantage of the career path opportunities DIRECTV/AT&T has to offer! Saturday, June 18th – 10:00–5:30pm CT DIRECTV Call Center 8911 Columbine Road Eden Prairie, MN 55347 If you have questions about the open interview hiring event, email Kaylia Rhodes atkarhodes@directv.com and provide your full name and phone number. ****************** DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, is seeking Full-time Bilingual Spanish Customer Service superstars to join our team in Eden Prairie, Minnesota! **If you are interested in scheduling an interview please call Kaylia at 208-363-6422 and leave a message with your name and phone number or apply by clicking “Apply Now”. You will be contacted within 1-3 business days for the next steps of the interview process.** With a career at DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, you will be a part of an award winning team that passionately cares about customers and delivers best-in-class service. You will directly contribute to each customer’s experience by determining their wants, needs, and interests to identify the best entertainment package solution for multi-dwelling unit customers. We are looking for dynamic, energetic bilingual Spanish customer service representatives with 6+ months experience working with customers who are able to successfully answer questions or concerns about billing, products, programming, and technical issues. The ideal candidate has a passion for customer service, is results driven, team player, open and receptive to feedback, and able to answer 40-50 inbound calls per day while building rapport with customers, problem solving, and recommending products on a daily basis. Why AT&T/DIRECTV? We truly believe the employee should be at the center of our business. Here at DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, you are able to participate in a fun working atmosphere geared toward team activities, competitions, employee appreciation days, and cultivating new friendships. Take a look at what it's like working in our Eden Prairie DIRECTV call center: https://youtu.be/amuqncCdb9c Medical, dental and vision coverage 4-6 weeks of paid training 401K Retirement Plan Paid holidays and vacation time off Education Reimbursement Free DIRECTV Service – Premier Package: NFL Sunday ticket, all movies, all channels + install for free 50% off AT&T Wireless service and discounts on other AT&T products and services Salary: $14.75 - $15.50 per hour based on experience, plus monthly bonuses and yearly pay increases based on performance Career growth opportunities Qualifications 6 months – 1 year direct customer service/sales experience Must be 18 years of age or older Have a High School Diploma/GED Fluent in Spanish Able to navigate multiple computer programs, actively listen, converse with customers while typing and updating account information Able to interact with all types of customers and provide the best resolutions Can work in a collaborative fast paced environment with 12-15 other teammates Commute to Eden Prairie, MN Must be able to work a flexible work schedule and overtime based on business needs. All applicants must be able to pass a drug test and background check. DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family employees are committed, dependable, professional and accountable. We value integrity, honesty and respect for others. We have high standards for how our employees conduct themselves at work and in the communities we support. DIRECTV is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (EOE). Job Customer Service Rep
Customer Service RepresentativeUp to $20 per hour, based on experience Uline – Shipping Supply Specialists "The people I work with are as passionate as I am.""I came to Uline for a job. Instead, I found a career." Uline is North America's leading distributor of shipping, packaging and industrial supplies. We're a family-owned company known for our incredible customer service and quality products. Our people make the difference.  We're looking for the best and brightest to take our Customer Service and Contact Centers to the next level. If you share in our passion for superior service and have what it takes to make each customer experience rewarding, Uline is the company for you.Uline seeks Customer Service Representatives at its NYC / Phila Branch in Allentown, PA (5 minutes from the PA Turnpike Northeast Extension exit in Lehigh County & 25 minutes from Reading). Join us to experience why Uline has been designated with the Forbes 2016 America’s Best Employers award. HOURS: Monday - Friday: 10:30 AM to 7 PM. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Communicate with customers via phone, email and chat. Process orders in a fast-paced environment. Provide knowledgeable answers to questions about product, pricing and availability. Help customers navigate our website and place orders online. Work with internal departments to meet customer’s needs. Work with customers to resolve product returns, shipping inquiries and order status questions. Submit quotes for quantity and custom items. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS High school diploma or equivalent. Bachelor’s degree preferred.1 to 2 years customer service experience preferred. BENEFITS Complete insurance coverage – medical, dental, vision, life.401(k) with company match.Generous paid time off.Tuition reimbursement.3 bonus programs. Please visit www.uline.com/jobs to learn more about our job openings and benefits package. HOW TO APPLY Please click the “APPLY” button to submit your resume for immediate consideration! EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled
Description DIRECTV, now part of the AT&T family, would like to invite you to our Open Interview Hiring Event on Saturday, June 18th. We will have recruiters and site supervisors available to answer any questions you have about what it is like working at DIRECTV/AT&T. You will have the opportunity to interview so you can fill us in on how your skills and experience will make a great fit for the DIRECTV/AT&T team! Our Eden Prairie call center is growing! We are looking for talented customer service and sales superstars that want to take advantage of the career path opportunities DIRECTV/AT&T has to offer! Saturday, June 18th – 10:00–5:30pm CT DIRECTV Call Center 8911 Columbine Road Eden Prairie, MN 55347 If you have questions about the open interview hiring event, email Kaylia Rhodes atkarhodes@directv.com and provide your full name and phone number. ****************** DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, is seeking Full-time Bilingual Spanish Customer Service superstars to join our team in Eden Prairie, Minnesota! **If you are interested in scheduling an interview please call Kaylia at 208-363-6422 and leave a message with your name and phone number or apply by clicking “Apply Now”. You will be contacted within 1-3 business days for the next steps of the interview process.** With a career at DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, you will be a part of an award winning team that passionately cares about customers and delivers best-in-class service. You will directly contribute to each customer’s experience by determining their wants, needs, and interests to identify the best entertainment package solution for multi-dwelling unit customers. We are looking for dynamic, energetic bilingual Spanish customer service representatives with 6+ months experience working with customers who are able to successfully answer questions or concerns about billing, products, programming, and technical issues. The ideal candidate has a passion for customer service, is results driven, team player, open and receptive to feedback, and able to answer 40-50 inbound calls per day while building rapport with customers, problem solving, and recommending products on a daily basis. Why AT&T/DIRECTV? We truly believe the employee should be at the center of our business. Here at DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, you are able to participate in a fun working atmosphere geared toward team activities, competitions, employee appreciation days, and cultivating new friendships. Take a look at what it's like working in our Eden Prairie DIRECTV call center: https://youtu.be/amuqncCdb9c Medical, dental and vision coverage 4-6 weeks of paid training 401K Retirement Plan Paid holidays and vacation time off Education Reimbursement Free DIRECTV Service – Premier Package: NFL Sunday ticket, all movies, all channels + install for free 50% off AT&T Wireless service and discounts on other AT&T products and services Salary: $14.75 - $15.50 per hour based on experience, plus monthly bonuses and yearly pay increases based on performance Career growth opportunities Qualifications 6 months – 1 year direct customer service/sales experience Must be 18 years of age or older Have a High School Diploma/GED Fluent in Spanish Able to navigate multiple computer programs, actively listen, converse with customers while typing and updating account information Able to interact with all types of customers and provide the best resolutions Can work in a collaborative fast paced environment with 12-15 other teammates Commute to Eden Prairie, MN Must be able to work a flexible work schedule and overtime based on business needs. All applicants must be able to pass a drug test and background check. DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family employees are committed, dependable, professional and accountable. We value integrity, honesty and respect for others. We have high standards for how our employees conduct themselves at work and in the communities we support. DIRECTV is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (EOE). Job Customer Service Rep
General Overview: As one of the largest health insurers in the nation, we help millions of individuals everyday have access to the health insurance, care and other related services that they need to live longer, healthier lives. The customer service team handles customer inquiries by telephone and/or email and/or in person from individual members, groups, providers and brokers in a customer service center. The representatives troubleshoot and resolve customer complaints and ensure that responses to inquiries are completed timely and according to established service and quality standards. As an Associate Customer Service Representative we offer you a thorough training program. After successful completion of your core training you will be assigned to a work unit where you will be able to provide prompt, accurate and courteous replies to written and telephone inquiries. Essential Job Functions: * Resolves customer inquiries and complaints via written, telephonic and face-to-face communication in a timely and accurate manner. * Prepares adjustments for services not properly processed, either systematically, or by forwarding to the appropriate area for follow up and resolution. * Meets all production, quality, and adherence standards. Attends all required training classes. * Elevates issues to next level of supervision, as appropriate. * Maintains accurate records, including timekeeping records. * Other duties as assigned or requested. Minimum Qualifications: * High School Diploma or GED required Preferred Qualifications: * 1-2 years customer service experience in a call center preferred with healthcare customer service strongly preferred Highmark Health provides competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefit package, along with an environment that promotes community involvement and volunteer service Referral Award Payout Level: 1Highmark Health and its affiliates prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Highmark Health and its affiliates take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.
The Job Window is currently looking for an entry level individual with a customer service background for their full time an Entry Level Retail Customer Service Associate position in Las Vegas. For this position, our client has found that candidates who have worked in retail, restaurant, hospitality or customer service industries excel as they have the people skills to provide the “personal touch" that the company is known for. This company specializes in areas of customer renewal, customer retention and customer acquisition.This firm is the leader in the marketing industry and specializes in tailoring retail customer service to the character of the client and company culture. Representing the largest telecommunications, home entertainment, and consumer electronics companies in North America, it is a priority for our client to provide the best customer service with high professionalism and to maintain and build quality relationships. This Retail Customer Service position is full-time and involves in-person interaction with customers.This firm prides themselves on their competitive, but extremely friendly and family-oriented work environment. Their culture promotes constant personal and professional growth, based on principles of respect, trust and challenge. They are now striving to train the most capable and skilled individuals to help acquire new clients, grow into new markets and develop new campaigns. They provide full training and career advancement in this globally expanding industry. Retail Customer Service Associate Tasks:Approach customers and understand how needs can be met by products and services offeredManage in-store servicesProvide exceptional customer service and consultation adviceFacilitate administrative tasks and customer schedulingAdditional tasks as requiredBenefits of the Retail Customer Service Position:Comprehensive Paid Training by a National ManagerNational and International Travel for Company EventsOpportunity For Community and Charity InvolvementFlexible SchedulingNumerous Advancement Opportunities Requirements Experience in customer service and associated fieldsAbility to adapt to a variety of peopleWinning attitude and dedication to ensuring customer satisfactionPositive attitude and ability to work well within a team environmentBackground in Retail or RestaurantLeadership skills 
Customer Service RepresentativeUp to $25 per hour, based on experience Uline – Shipping Supply Specialists "The people I work with are as passionate as I am." "I came to Uline for a job. Instead, I found a career."Uline is North America's leading distributor of shipping, packaging and industrial supplies. We're a family-owned company known for our incredible customer service and quality products. Our people make the difference. We're looking for the best and brightest to take our Customer Service and Contact Centers to the next level. If you share in our passion for superior service and have what it takes to make each customer experience rewarding, Uline is the company for you.Uline seeks Customer Service Representatives at its branch in Hudson, WI (minutes east of Saint Paul and Minneapolis).Join us to experience why Uline has been designated with the Forbes 2016 America’s Best Employers award. Multiple Customer Service openings are available! POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Communicate with customers via phone, email and chat. Process customer service orders in a fast-paced environment. Provide knowledgeable answers to questions about product, pricing and availability. Help customers navigate our website and place customer service orders online. Work with internal departments to meet customer’s needs. Work with customers to resolve product returns, shipping inquiries and order status questions. Submit quotes for quantity and custom items. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS High school diploma or equivalent. Bachelor’s degree preferred.1 to 2 years customer service experience preferred. BENEFITS Complete insurance coverage – medical, dental, vision, life.401(k) with company match.Generous paid time off.Tuition reimbursement.3 bonus programs. Please visit www.uline.com/jobs to learn more about our job openings and benefits package. HOW TO APPLY Please click the “APPLY” button to submit your resume for immediate consideration! EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled
The Training Department plays a crucial role in connecting our customers to our software. The main purpose of this position is to help our customers make a smooth conversion to the Reynolds and Reynolds system and provide training and customer support throughout the process. You will be responsible for installing and upgrading Reynolds and Reynolds software solutions in all parts of the dealership. When working with the customers, you will not only be a trainer but also a project manager. You will be responsible for coordinating all parts required for the install and making sure that all team members are on the same page in order to successfully convert the software.You will typically be given at least 1 month advance notice about upcoming trips. You will travel both individually and with a team installing and converting our software for customers. This requires excellent presentation and communication skills as you will meet with dealership management to understand the needs for each dealership. Based on these requirements, you will customize the system and train key dealership personnel on how to use the solution. While in the office you will support current customers, prepare for future trips, and conduct follow-ups with recently installed customers.REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree preferred Outgoing, friendly personality Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to travel 80% of the timeTRAINING:Training lasts approximately 4 months and includes department observations, classroom instruction, and on-the-job training with a mentor during travel trips. Classroom instruction includes product training as well as automotive dealership operations. You will focus on one area of the software during your product training and assist experienced representatives with customer set-up and implementation. In addition, you will have the opportunity to see Reynolds’ solutions “in action” by visiting car dealerships that already utilize our solutions on a daily basis.BENEFITS:We strive to offer an environment that provides our associates with the right balance between work and family. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including: Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance 401k with 100% matching up to 6% of compensation Referral bonuses with the opportunity to earn up to $7,000 per hirePaid holidays, vacation and sick days Professional development and training through Reynolds University Discounted membership to local area fitness centersOn-site medical clinic staffed by a Nurse Practitioner Company-sponsored events and sports leagues including: company picnic, softball, volleyball, bowling, and more! Gourmet cafeteria, open for breakfast and lunch, that features a salad bar and a variety of made-to-order cuisine optionsCredit Union membershipOpportunities to participate in charitable endeavors, such as our annual Bike Build for local military families, participation in the Reynolds Associate Foundation, company sponsorship in local charity 5k Run/Walks, and other volunteer opportunities Reynolds and Reynolds promotes a healthy lifestyle by providing a non-smoking environment.Reynolds and Reynolds encourages applicants of all ages and experience to apply, as we do not discriminate on the basis of age.
Description Open Positions for Career-Minded People.Be a champion for customer service!Are you ready to start your career with a company that offers growth, challenge and a commitment to excellence? Raymour & Flanigan is a leading furniture retailer in the U.S. and is searching for a career minded customer care associate that can make a difference to the customer shopping experience. Many of our successful long term associates started at the beginning. Here is where you can demonstrate your customer service skills and learn the furniture retail business. Apply today for the start of your successful future!Expectations:Consistently provide genuine, friendly, personable and professional service.Handle multiple responsibilities and balance customer priorities.Efficiently schedule customer's deliveries to meet their needs.Go above and beyond advocating for every customer concern and request.Support sales and operations team members to ensure that our vision of enhancing the customer shopping experience is realized.Proactively resolve escalated customer issues.Ability to multi-task within a fast-paced service environment.Effective communication, interpersonal and organizational skills in person and on the phone.Demonstrate excellent listening skills and the ability to work independently and with a team.Perform additional functions that may be assigned at the discretion of management.Qualifications:High School Diploma or equivalent.Proficient computer skills and able to learn proprietary P.O.S. program.Flexibility to work a retail schedule that includes days, nights, weekends, holidays and events.At Raymour & Flanigan, we recognize and appreciate all of our team members' hard work and dedication. We pride ourselves on being a long term, privately held company that takes care of its associates by recognizing each individual's potential and investing in their future success! Raymour & Flanigan provides a full range of comprehensive benefit programs to help you achieve your wellness and financial goals which include:Health Insurance (Up to 80% of premium paid) and Prescription Drug CoverageDental and Vision CoverageCompany paid Life InsuranceCompany paid Short-term Disability401(k) Retirement Plan w/ Company Match & Profit SharingVoluntary Life and Long-term Disability Insurance Flexible Spending AccountEmployee Assistance ProgramOther Great Benefits:Weekly PayPaid Vacation and HolidaysTraining and DevelopmentTuition Reimbursement ProgramGenerous Merchandise DiscountRaymour & Flanigan proudly supports a drug free and smoke free work environment.Raymour & Flanigan is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that does not discriminate against any associate or applicant on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, marital or familial status, genetic information or other basis protected by law.
Position SummaryYou will receive inbound phone calls in order to manage and service independent distributor and customer accounts. As a Customer Service Agent, you must be confident, outgoing and self-motivated with a strong work ethic. You must also be a team-oriented person who is open minded and willing to learn and who has the ability to function effectively in a fast-paced work environment. It is also vital for your role as a Customer Service Agent that you are articulate with excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to easily establish rapport with customers. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following and other duties as assigned.·        Answer phones and respond to customer requests. This requires a long period of time sitting in front of a computer, using phones, listening and speaking to distributors. ·        Make Distributors/PC’s their number one priority.·        Provide customers with service and product information.·        Identify, research, and resolve customer issues using computer system.·        Build rapport with customers by greeting them in a courteous, friendly, and professional manner using procedures learned during new-hire training.·        Position entails a high amount of customer and internal customer interaction over the phone. Ensure that customers understand product information, and be able to provide additional information to customers as needed.·        Take escalation calls and agent inquiry calls as needed.·        Listen attentively to customer needs and concerns; demonstrate empathy.·        Prepare complete and accurate work and update customer file.·        Communicate effectively with individuals/teams in the program to ensure high quality and timely execution of customer requests.·        Effectively transfer misdirected customer requests to an appropriate party.·        Act as a liaison between all outsourced agents and internal LifeVantage departments.·        Contribute ideas on ways to resolve problems to better serve the customer and/or improve productivity.·        Participate in activities designed to improve customer satisfaction and business performance.·        Follow- up on customer inquiries if not resolved immediately. Extremely critical that the agent follows up and notes the account on how they have helped the distributor or up to date information on the issue. Take ownership of the phone call.·        Research billing issues, misapplied payments, and track orders for faxes and emails to customer support.·        Recognize, document and alert the supervisor of any trends in customer calls.·        Recommend process improvements.·        Read any updates or word tracks from supervisors. ·        Knowledge of outlook, excel, and internet.·        Perform other duties as assigned by management.                                                                                                    Core Level Responsibilities include the following.  Other duties may be assigned.·        In-depth knowledge and mastery of LifeVantage commission plan and ability to understand how promotions affect commissions.·        Create friendly and positive customer interactions.·        Responsible for responding to emails & faxes.·        Responsible for Product returns and refund processing.·        Process direct deposit orders.·        Handles orphan accounts.·        Responsible for handling account upgrades and account creation.·        Acts as overflow for outsourced agents.Education and/or ExperienceHigh School diploma or equivalent.  One to three years related customer service experience and/or training, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Qualifications/SkillsTo perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.·        Strong time management, critical thinking, organizational, problem solving and analytical skills ·        Excellent verbal and written communication skills as well as a demonstrated ability to collaborate and interact with all levels of employees and leadership.·        Attention to detail with the ability to organize and prioritize.·        Track record of reliability, confidentiality and conscientious work habits. ·        Ability to adapt to work efficiently in a rapidly changing dynamic environment. ·        A team player that maintains a good, professional working relations with superiors, peers, subordinates and other department managers and personnel.·        Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully and formulates appropriate responses and/or recommendations for improvement.·       Takes initiative by jumping into tasks and responsibilities.  Ability to thrive with little supervision and asks for assistance when needed.·        Positive, professional engaging and friendly attitude is a must.  Needs to know when to be assertive in a professional and appropriate manner and must be willing to go the extra mile.  ·        Ability to receive constructive feedback as well as provide valuable suggestions for improvement.Able to read, write and communicate verbally in English. Bilingual or multilingual Spanish, Mandarin, Cantonese, Tagalog and/or Dutch preferred.Stellar oral and written communication skills are a must.  Must be computer literate with the ability to learn customer service software applications.  Proficiency in Microsoft Office programs, to include but not limited to, Word, Excel & PowerPoint necessary.Preferred knowledge of Network marketing.  Punctuality and consistent work attendance.Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  
Are you looking for a new and exciting opportunity to use your skills in a successful and growing company? Do you desire a fast-paced, casual work environment that is driven by employees who thrive on innovative thinking? If you have a desire to work in an energetic, collaborative environment, then check out this opportunity at Proto Labs! About Proto Labs: Proto Labs (PRLB) is a leading online and technology enabled quick-turn manufacturer. Our technology, innovation and people have made us the world's fastest manufacturer of custom prototype and low-volume parts. Proto Labs revolutionized our industry by developing proprietary computing technologies and automated manufacturing processes that enable us to create "Real Parts, Really Fast".   Proto Labs Is: #4 on Forbes list of Best Small Public Companies in the United States 2nd fastest growing public company in Minnesota by the Twin Cities Business Journal Top 100 Best Places to Work in the Twin Cities by Star Tribune – 4 times!   Position Overview: Provide technical customer support in post-sale quality issues of Proto Labs services. Gain a solid understanding of the customer’s technical requirements and communicate appropriate solutions. Lead the technical resolution of any post-sales technical issues in a manner that helps Proto Labs retain our valuable customers.   Specific duties include: Answer customer phone calls and emails to provide strong customer service and positively resolve all customer issues Maintain service level responsiveness within guidelines set by management When post-sales quality issues arise, work cross-departmentally to research the symptoms, determine their root causes and determine a course of action.       Communicate action plan with customers. Support manufacturing in pre-shipment quality or process issues by proactively communicating with customers and allowing customers to participate in decisions that affect part quality and delivery Build and maintain relationships with customers Support customer-centric philosophy in all written and verbal communications both internally and externally Document relevant notes in the internal intranets and CRM system Resolve issues diplomatically in a logical, non-emotional manner Promptly and accurately address technical questions including resin, moldability and part design issues from contacts using the appropriate communication tool Contribute to continuous improvement activities as required Other duties as assigned Proto Labs is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer: Minorities, Women, Veterans & Disabilities. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. Qualifications Education Preferred Bachelors or better. Experience Required Proven professional business correspondence and relationship building skills Confident verbal and written communication skills, across different levels of business professionals Strong background with Quality Control inspection techniques and documentation methods Solid understanding of the plastic injection molding process including an understanding of thermal and mechanical properties of thermoplastic resins Solid understanding of mechanical design and the principles of designing for injection molding Solid understanding of the concepts and principles of CNC machining Proficient with measuring instruments including calipers, surface plates and height gages Experienced with CRM and MS Office products Strong interpersonal skills, with an ability to build rapport and customer trust Demonstrate sound business judgment Easily grasp the Proto Labs manufacturing and business processes Preferred Prior experience in customer service or a sales role strongly desired Experience with 3D CAD modeling software, SolidWorks or equivalent is highly desired Energized by communicating with others Effective problem solving skills. Strong sense of urgency and ability to be highly responsive Strong attention to detail Self-motivated, positive attitude and able to work independently or in a team environment Receptive to constructive feedback from supervisors, peers and customers Ability to multi-task and prioritize work
Description DIRECTV, now part of the AT&T family, would like to invite you to our Open Interview Hiring Event on Saturday, June 18th. We will have recruiters and site supervisors available to answer any questions you have about what it is like working at DIRECTV/AT&T. You will have the opportunity to interview so you can fill us in on how your skills and experience will make a great fit for the DIRECTV/AT&T team! Our Eden Prairie call center is growing! We are looking for talented customer service and sales superstars that want to take advantage of the career path opportunities DIRECTV/AT&T has to offer! Saturday, June 18th – 10:00–5:30pm CT DIRECTV Call Center 8911 Columbine Road Eden Prairie, MN 55347 If you have questions about the open interview hiring event, email Kaylia Rhodes atkarhodes@directv.com and provide your full name and phone number. ****************** DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, is seeking Full-time Customer Service superstars to join our team in Eden Prairie, Minnesota! **If you are interested in scheduling an interview please call Kaylia at 208-363-6422 and leave a message with your name and phone number or apply by clicking “Apply Now”. You will be contacted within 1-3 business days for the next steps of the interview process.** With a career at DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, you will be a part of an award winning team that passionately cares about customers and delivers best-in-class service. You will directly contribute to each customer’s experience by determining their wants, needs, and interests to identify the best entertainment package solution for multi-dwelling unit customers. We are looking for dynamic, energetic customer service representatives with 6+ months experience working with customers who are able to successfully answer questions or concerns about billing, products, programming, and technical issues. The ideal candidate has a passion for customer service, is results driven, team player, open and receptive to feedback, and able to answer 40-50 inbound calls per day while building rapport with customers, problem solving, and recommending products on a daily basis. Why AT&T/DIRECTV? We truly believe the employee should be at the center of our business. Here at DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, you are able to participate in a fun working atmosphere geared toward team activities, competitions, employee appreciation days, and cultivating new friendships. Take a look at what it's like working in our Eden Prairie DIRECTV call center: https://youtu.be/amuqncCdb9c Medical, dental and vision coverage 4-6 weeks of paid training 401K Retirement Plan Paid holidays and vacation time off Education Reimbursement Free DIRECTV Service – Premier Package: NFL Sunday ticket, all movies, all channels + install for free 50% off AT&T Wireless service and discounts on other AT&T products and services Salary: $13.75 - $14.50 per hour based on experience, plus monthly bonuses and yearly pay increases based on performance Career growth opportunities Qualifications 6 months – 1 year direct customer service experience Must be 18 years of age or older Have a High School Diploma/GED Able to navigate multiple computer programs, actively listen, converse with customers while typing and updating account information Able to interact with all types of customers and provide the best resolutions Can work in a collaborative fast paced environment with 12-15 other teammates Commute to Eden Prairie, MN Must be able to work a flexible work schedule and overtime based on business needs. All applicants must be able to pass a drug test and background check. DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family employees are committed, dependable, professional and accountable. We value integrity, honesty and respect for others. We have high standards for how our employees conduct themselves at work and in the communities we support. DIRECTV is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (EOE). Job Customer Service Rep
Randstad has an exciting opportunity for those strong sales candidates looking for a different opportunity. We are actively seeking customer service representatives with experience in inbound sales for a Moving and Storage Company located in the Upper Manhattan area. The ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills and be required to upsell products.Requirements:- Answering phones and assisting clients with moving needs/ questions-Providing clients estimates of total moving costs-Applying company knowledge to assist clients and converting prospects to better the business-Using judgment to better assist clients and determine whether certain situations require onsite visits/ schedule onsite visits. -Using CRM system, accurately documents client information.-Actively follow up on any open leads/ prospects-Other administrative duties as business may dictateWorking hours: Full TimeSkills:Qualifications:-High School Diploma or GED required.-2+ years of experience in phone sales / working with CRM systems-Strong communication skills are a must; must be personable and respectful when handling client matters-Discretion to confidential information -Ability to listen and be results-oriented as well as a team player.-Self-motivated individuals with a friendly demeanor are a plus!This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work vary and are comprised of nine (9) hour shifts between 8:00 am and 7:00 pm Monday through Friday and 9:00 am to 5:00 pm on Saturday and 11:00 am to 5:00 pm Sunday every 2nd or 3rd week depending on business needs. This position occasionally requires long hours and weekend work.Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.
International Document Services (IDS), a division of Reynolds and Reynolds that provides documents and compliance systems for the mortgage industry, is looking for Customer Service Representative. Reynolds and Reynolds prides itself in its award-winning recognition for customer service. The Customer Service Representative interacts with both internal and external customers to maintain this reputation of delivering a high level of customer service and support. Our Customer Service Representatives serve as the single point of ownership for software issues and are responsible for assuring customer satisfaction. We have several entry-level positions for those who enjoy problem solving, critical thinking, and working with others on a daily basis.  REQUIREMENTS: ·          Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience·          Exceptional attention to detail and troubleshooting skills·          Excellent communication skills – both written and verbal·          Strong analytical and reasoning skills  BENEFITS:We strive to offer an environment that provides our associates with the right balance between work and family. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including: ·          Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance ·          401k with 100% matching up to 6% of compensation ·          Professional development and training through our internal training department ·          Promotion from within ·          Paid holidays, vacation and sick days ·          Eight paid holidays ·          Referral bonuses with the opportunity to earn up to $7,000 per hire·          Associate discounts for cell phones, cars, computers, entertainment, and much more Reynolds and Reynolds promotes a healthy lifestyle by providing a non-smoking environment.Reynolds and Reynolds encourages applicants of all ages and experience to apply, as we do not discriminate on the basis of age.  
Job DescriptionSummary:The Special Products Customer Service Representative coordinates all aspects of special services transportation shipments and acts as the customer’s primary contact.Essential Duties and ResponsibilitiesCommunicate with Client as necessary regarding specific needsProvide all necessary shipment and pricing information to ClientMonitor and track shipment status to ensure delivery dates are metUpdate computer system with notes regarding changes and communicationsComplete all administrative procedures related to clients’ shipmentsInterface with other department personnel regarding pricing or service related issues.Maintain accurate records and audit documents for accuracyOther functions as deemed necessaryJob Skills Required:Excellent verbal and written communication skillsStrong working knowledge of Microsoft Office SuiteHighly customer service orientedAbility to prioritize and re-prioritize as situations and needs change throughout the workdayAbility to multi-task and organize workflow to manage daily responsibilities, meet deadlines and prioritize workExcellent teamwork and interpersonal skills requiredStrong analytical and problem solving skillsAbility to learn and adaptExcellent attention to detail and follow through, with demonstrated accuracy and thoroughness.Ability to work under deadlines and specific time framesAbility to develop and maintain positive working relationships with internal and external customersAbility to demonstrate initiative and to work with minimum supervisionQuality-oriented with ability to generate ideas for improving and promoting qualityThorough understanding of business implications of decisionsEducation/Experience:Associate's degree (A. A.) or equivalent from two-year college or technical school; or six months to one year related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.Computer Skills:To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of MS Word and Excel; the ability to learn and effectively use Movers Suite and other computer applications used in the enterprise.
The Job Window has an exciting opportunity for an Entry Level Customer Relations & Customer Service representative on behalf of our client, a local marketing firm focused on customer acquisition. This client is looking for an individual who possesses a big-picture mentality and is able to help with the expansion of new locations. The entry level Customer Relations Associate must demonstrate unmatched interpersonal skills and be able to become the “face" of the company for the client. Restaurant, Retail, and Hospitality professionals particularly excel in this position as they are able to apply a personal touch to all consumer interactions.This local firm has developed a reputation for attracting exceptional individuals who are passionate about customer service and excel in a performance driven environment. Those individuals who demonstrate leadership ability will also be considered for more management level positions after an initial evaluation in the first few months. We do not expect you to be an expert on day one, but through extensive training, there will be many opportunities to demonstrate your management ability.Required TasksEngage with the targeted audience in a professional and welcoming manner and determine qualification statusAlign customer needs with product and service offeringsCreate lead generations for high profile clientsPromote brand awareness in large retail locationsSet-up and maintain in-store service event operations What Makes Our Client Different?Our client’s tailored marketing and advertising campaigns allow them to use a more personal approach to the development and growth of their promoting brands. This firm’s philosophy emphasizes the importance of leading by example and having a comprehensive understanding of the entire business model. Their training program provides exposure to all facets of the campaigns as well as an opportunity for leadership and management positions. Finally, the progressive management culture is unlike any other firm, where the development of team members is as important as the services rendered. Job Requirements:Our clients management team search is focused on individuals who are dedicated to consistently driving high standards and achieving customer service excellence. Those who adept at building relationships, and have a single-minded focus on delivering quality should apply.Although limited related experience is required, the following critical attributes are preferred:Above average people skillsExcellent leadership abilitiesGreat communication skillsWinning attitudeGreat work ethic and ambition Benefits of the Customer Service Position:Comprehensive Paid Training by a National ManagerNational and International Travel for Company EventsOpportunity For Community and Charity InvolvementFlexible SchedulingNumerous Advancement Opportunities RequirementsIf you are willing to learn then we can also train you!Experience in customer service and associated fieldsAbility to adapt to a variety of peopleWinning attitude and dedication to ensuring customer satisfactionPositive attitude and ability to work well within a team environmentBackground in Retail or RestaurantLeadership skills
Receives and/or places telephone calls which are basic and routine to handle any/all aspects of customer accounts, including solicitation, inquiries, and problem resolution. Cultivates and maintains on-going customer relationships. Uses computerized system for tracking, information gathering, and/or troubleshooting. Ensures that customers receive the best service possible through processing orders, preparing general correspondence and coordinating with other functions as required. Acts as customer contact regarding pricing, scheduling and shipping. Responsibilities • Handling customer calls/correspondence for scheduling and inquiries • Offer assistance to customers with service, billing or other issues • Records all customer information and call history information accurately on appropriate paperwork or electronic systems • Ensures maximum sensitivity, proper routing and responsiveness to all customer requirements • Maintain level of knowledge and understanding of features of service, operating systems, marketing promos and special offers Education and Experience Requirements • High School Diploma or general education degree (GED); or one to two years of related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. • Six (6) months to one year clerical or customer service experience Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities • Basic knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Window • Strong oral and written communication skills • Strong problem-solving skills • Ability to type 25 wpm • Ability to utilize a personal computer or CRT • Ability to work in a stressful, face-paced environment Disclaimer The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by associates assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed. ServiceMaster is committed to Diversity and Inclusion. We encourage diverse candidates to apply to this position. An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer – of Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability
  Inspired Customer Focused Operations Driver   Location: Anywhere office USA CSS Business Operations Director, GL10 Do you challenge the status quo? Do you like being challenged? We should talk. Does leading global CSS operations’ activities that are the table stakes for the success of a global organization’s business get your attention? A focus on driving global consistency for policies and procedures, contributing to the achievement of financial objectives AND ensuring focus on customer satisfaction is something that you brag to your friends about?  You will learn from the consistent exchange of ideas with global Services Directors / VPs, Channel Sales Leaders, Sales Operations, Legal and Finance teams. We will tap into your knowledge on creating objectives and key initiatives that ensure the successful adoption and growth of Juniper services while you utilize communication best practices in a highly distracted, information overloaded global culture. Sound like a dream job? Sounds intriguing? We want to hear from you. At Juniper Networks, our goal is to solve the unsolvable and we do so by challenging conventions to define what’s possible, not simply what’s next. Do you want to connect the world’s leading stock exchanges, telecoms, commercial, government agencies, and other critical businesses? If yes, keep reading. Does your work today matter? Are you changing the way people in our world work, play and live their lives? We have: Cutting edge technology that makes us a market leader Our CSS team has a standard of excellence like no other A transformation objective that will change the way people build networks Worldwide People who leave their mark on the world and have the desire to connect everything and empower everyone We have a leadership team that is focused on having fun, driving change and recognizing contributions A workforce that allows for flexibility and fosters a strong environment that is authentic, trustworthy, delivers excellence, allows you to pursue bold aspirations and make a meaningful difference. We are A TEAM ! Of course, competitive compensation and benefits as well as an open/unstructured time-off practice You have: Expert communication and interpersonal skills, this means you like talking to people...yes in person, too! A growth mindset with the ability to quickly obtain and maintain the highest level of expertise and knowledge in CSS strategy, financials, operations and programs as well as corporate and CEO initiatives that include M&A activity and software transformation. The mature “customer first” focus so that you personally can close out operational challenges on both sales and delivery with CSS, Sales, Partners or other Juniper players Taken the operational responsibility for driving required actions within a corporation in conjunction with sales utilizing the custom deals desk management:  Supported a global governance model for non-standard business requests, e.g. account and area reviews/approvals, FY planning model, corporate reviews. Understand the value in showing the health of the business, in collaboration with finance on a digital engaging platform We assume you also have the: Strong business finance acumen Extensive negotiation experience Excellent interpersonal, communication, presentation, problem solving and planning skills. Experience in managing complex customer services operational/delivery issues to resolution Proven autonomy in decision making in line with given level of authority Extensive knowledge of the end to end operations of a Customer Services business Track record of operational and financial success in a Customer Services environment Ability to operate and influence in a matrix organization Experience in operating in an indirect sales and service delivery model Proven successful experience in program and initiative implementation More than 10 years of experience in Customer Services positions ideally in the high technology vertical Commitment to delivering a remarkable customer experience A-Typical day: You’ll be working side by side with finance and sales talking about a critical deal renewal for a China based customer at 1am your time. The next morning you’re in with your sleeves rolled up, taking breaks for caffeine, white-boarding and re-white-boarding in a 100% collaborative environment to solve an operations dilemma that will impact CSS globally.  Or you may be in your home office or local Juniper office with an inbox overflowing with email messages and a calendar full of meetings that include a strategy presentation to the EVP, a 1:1 with 3 of your direct reports, a meeting to discuss why we missed the last deal you approved, and finally a three hour meeting on strategy planning for 2017. During these meetings you may spend time convincing the Sales team that we can’t give away services for free and the value of services led selling, talking about our staff development and influencing your vision for the team in the next year. You will educate those that want to listen and those that don’t, about issues that impact future programs, deals and processes. All of this will be happening at one of Inc.com’s recognized happiest companies in the world, with the most passionate team and engaging value led leadership you’ve ever experienced. Other stuff you may want to know: This is an office environment that likes to have fun This is an individual contributor role, but it may not feel like it, as you’ll be influencing others for mutual success every waking moment This role reports to the Corporate VP of CSS Business and Portfolio Operations who has a casual, high energy, direct, “let’s get it done” flare Limited travel would be required We want a successful individual who understands the critical nature of relationship building.  It’s always about the people. The End. But wait… If you got this far…this job may not be for you, we expected you would have applied by now and closed your browser.  BUT just in case you didn’t get enough and want to hear it again – you’ll be responsible for envisioning and driving the success of our global business operations at one of the happiest companies. This will include being part of a transformation strategy with a 20 year young company and working for an organization that spends part of their business day stuffing balloons into the oversized pajamas that your global peer is wearing. Remember FUN. You will think it’s awesome to be in the details, convince folks that they benefit from process driven disciplines and selling the value of “selling” services.
SavATree, Where Professional Opportunities Grow! SavATree/SavaLawn is a nationally recognized provider of superior arboricultural services. From more than 25 locations, we provide residential and commercial customers with high quality, cutting edge tree care, plant health care, lawn care and deer deterrent services.  Join a team of highly dedicated professionals who are totally focused on providing quality, customized services to their clients! We are looking for a bright, organized individual to provide sales support, customer relationship management, administrative and scheduling support. Responsibilities include:Customer service/inside sales: heavy phone work including outbound sales calls, lead generation, customer service support, and scheduling appointments.Maintaining multiple sales calendars, creating proposals, daily debriefing.Administration of customer database and files, payment processing, complete paperwork accurately and efficiently.Providing additional administrative support to arborists (our sales team), and general office assistant responsibilities Qualifications:Excellent telephone manner and customer service skills are necessary.Must have previous experience with outbound callingProficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, Internet and Database Systems desired (we will train on our programs).Background in Sales/Marketing a plus.Associates degree or higher is preferred.2+ years of experience ( Part time customer service/retail experience accepted)Accuracy and attention to detail a mustAbility to work in a fast paced environment Benefits:Competitive CompensationHealth Care Benefits and voluntary dental plan401K Savings PlanFlexible Spending PlanPaid Holidays/Vacation/Sick DaysIf you enjoy multitasking and would like to be a part of a fast-paced, dynamic sales team, we are waiting to hear from you!  SavATree is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Job Description:Currently seeking a Customer Service Representative with a minimum of 2 years related experience. The starting pay is $13-15/hr depending on qualifications. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply today!Position Summary: The Customer Service Representative is responsible for responding to incoming customer service calls and completing other administrative tasks related to clients.Essential Duties and Responsibilities:-Promptly answer and manage incoming customer service calls and e-mail messages while providing exceptional customer service through clear and accurate communication, compassionate delivery and quick and efficient service.-Accurately manage and document incoming customer service calls per policies and procedures.-Promptly return voice mail messages left after hours.-Complete requested call backs in a timely manner-Participate in all required training and continuing education sessions.-Maintain a positive and cooperative relationship with all coworkers.-Maintain regular and punctual attendance.-Complete all other duties as assigned by a supervisor.Other Responsibilities as Assigned:-Excellent verbal and written communication that is clear, concise, accurate, professional empathetic and compassionate on a regular basis, including during stressful or high pressure situations and calls.-Strong attention to detail and spelling with the ability to accurately enter data with very few errors.-Ability to attend to multiple tasks simultaneously while maintaining quality and accuracy.-Proficiency with keyboarding and data entry, navigating PCs, navigating the internet and using common computer software and hardware.-Customer service focused attitude and behavior.-Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written and oral form.-Ability to work cohesively as part of a team.-Ability to maintain regular and punctual attendance. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1042201 Job Experience:,,Years of Experience Required:
Description DIRECTV, now part of the AT&T family, would like to invite you to our Open Interview Hiring Event on Saturday, June 18th. We will have recruiters and site supervisors available to answer any questions you have about what it is like working at DIRECTV/AT&T. You will have the opportunity to interview so you can fill us in on how your skills and experience will make a great fit for the DIRECTV/AT&T team! Our Eden Prairie call center is growing! We are looking for talented customer service and sales superstars that want to take advantage of the career path opportunities DIRECTV/AT&T has to offer! Saturday, June 18th – 10:00–5:30pm CT DIRECTV Call Center 8911 Columbine Road Eden Prairie, MN 55347 If you have questions about the open interview hiring event, email Kaylia Rhodes atkarhodes@directv.com and provide your full name and phone number. ****************** DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, is seeking Full-time Bilingual Spanish Customer Service superstars to join our team in Eden Prairie, Minnesota! **If you are interested in scheduling an interview please call Kaylia at 208-363-6422 and leave a message with your name and phone number or apply by clicking “Apply Now”. You will be contacted within 1-3 business days for the next steps of the interview process.** With a career at DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, you will be a part of an award winning team that passionately cares about customers and delivers best-in-class service. You will directly contribute to each customer’s experience by determining their wants, needs, and interests to identify the best entertainment package solution for multi-dwelling unit customers. We are looking for dynamic, energetic bilingual Spanish customer service representatives with 6+ months experience working with customers who are able to successfully answer questions or concerns about billing, products, programming, and technical issues. The ideal candidate has a passion for customer service, is results driven, team player, open and receptive to feedback, and able to answer 40-50 inbound calls per day while building rapport with customers, problem solving, and recommending products on a daily basis. Why AT&T/DIRECTV? We truly believe the employee should be at the center of our business. Here at DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family, you are able to participate in a fun working atmosphere geared toward team activities, competitions, employee appreciation days, and cultivating new friendships. Take a look at what it's like working in our Eden Prairie DIRECTV call center: https://youtu.be/amuqncCdb9c Medical, dental and vision coverage 4-6 weeks of paid training 401K Retirement Plan Paid holidays and vacation time off Education Reimbursement Free DIRECTV Service – Premier Package: NFL Sunday ticket, all movies, all channels + install for free 50% off AT&T Wireless service and discounts on other AT&T products and services Salary: $14.75 - $15.50 per hour based on experience, plus monthly bonuses and yearly pay increases based on performance Career growth opportunities Qualifications 6 months – 1 year direct customer service/sales experience Must be 18 years of age or older Have a High School Diploma/GED Fluent in Spanish Able to navigate multiple computer programs, actively listen, converse with customers while typing and updating account information Able to interact with all types of customers and provide the best resolutions Can work in a collaborative fast paced environment with 12-15 other teammates Commute to Eden Prairie, MN Must be able to work a flexible work schedule and overtime based on business needs. All applicants must be able to pass a drug test and background check. DIRECTV, Now part of the AT&T family employees are committed, dependable, professional and accountable. We value integrity, honesty and respect for others. We have high standards for how our employees conduct themselves at work and in the communities we support. DIRECTV is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (EOE). Job Customer Service Rep
Medical Customer Service! 11 openings!  The Medical Customer Service Specialist in St. Petersburg, FL will initiate telephonic outreach to members identified as viable candidates for Care Management and engagement. The Medical Customer Service Specialist will explain the Care Management program and obtain consent for enrollment. Document per protocol and communicate pertinent information to designated person and/ or persons.  Shift selection will be based on the current needs of the department, which may include evening and/or weekends. You will need to be available shift changes at any time.   Pay rate up to $13.50 hr.  Job Expectations: • Participate in the promotion of the multi-disciplinary healthcare team; • Work collaboratively with other members of the clinical leadership team;• Have the ability to establish priorities, work independently and proceed with objectives without direct supervision; • Have solid interpersonal and professional verbal and writing communication skills;• Have the ability to work a full time (40 hours minimum) flexible work schedule to include some weekends;• Meet or exceed referral activity goals on a weekly basis;• Relate to a production environment and understand process flows; and • Have the ability to multi-task without losing sight of accuracy & quality. Minimum Requirements:  • High School Diploma;• 6+ months of recent Call Center Experience, (within the last 2 years);• Intermediate to advanced computer skills and knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel;• High level of detail and organization skills  If you are interested and qualified in the Medical Customer Service Specialist jobs in St. Petersburg, FL please apply to www.AccountingPrincipals.com as soon as possible. 
Experis is seeking a Customer Care Analyst with in depth experience with Microsoft Office for our client in Santa Clara, CA. This is a 9 month contract opportunity with the potential for extension or to move into a perm role upon successful completion of the contract.Work Requirements: Must be eligible to work in the US, no visa sponsorships available at this time; ability to pass a drug and background Compensation: DOE medical and dental benefits available Responsibilities / Expectations:This proven customer champion will support customers through scheduling, day-of visit operations, customer meeting agenda setting, and other tasks related to onsite customer, policymaker and executive visits. Following Security requirement, programs and standards for badges, access control and visitors, ensuring a safe & secure environment for customers, employees and assets. Support external customers, including high-level executives and senior executives, by providing access, badges and executive conference room support. Supporting daily operations of the center, serving as a point of contact for all customer-related needs, including: Knowledge and familiarity with SFDC (Salesforce.com) and the intake process Welcome and reception o RegistrationExecutive conference room setup Catering requests/changesOrder and maintain inventory of supplies and executive giftsSupport the internal site specific mail-box as back-up, providing a 24-hour SLA for email replies to field sales for customer engagements.Manage delivery of weekly report for post-briefing surveys.Must Haves:Customer championExcellent time management, project management and organization skillsExcellent communication and listening skillsComfortable with senior level executivesExcellent presence and professional imageWorks well across organizational boundariesStrong Microsoft Office ExperienceStrong Salesforce.com ExperienceBachelors degree with 3-5 years experience in sales and/or marketing (preferred)Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
RESPONSIBILITIES:Kforce has a client in Charlotte, North Carolina (NC) that is seeking a Customer Care Representative. This is a permanent position with a great opportunity for growth!Responsibilities: Answer incoming calls from customers in a call center environment Act as a liaison between clients and field and office personnel to ensure accurate and timely communication Respond to calls by evaluating situations and routing messages to the appropriate field advisorREQUIREMENTS: High School diploma or GED Technical skills (computer literacy; demonstrated proficiency in office productivity software including spreadsheets and presentations) Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to deal with distressed customers including irate callers and foreign accents Ability to work a flexible schedule as the center is open 24/7Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Summary Customer Development Manager Convenience Channel   The Customer Development Manager –Convenience Channel, is tasked with achieving client sales goals through distribution, pricing, shelf space, display sell-in and promotional volume. The role is responsible for making headquarters calls within the convenience store channel. One of the key initiatives of this role will be to build and execute sales presentations to all categories within assigned key accounts and sell business building ideas to your customers through the use of syndicated data. The Customer Development Manager –Convenience Channel cultivates strong relationships with the assigned customers on behalf of our clients and ensure the completion of all reports and deliverables.   Responsibilities  Meet and exceed client sales goals by achieving KPI’s and efficient use of promotional spending. Execute sales calls with customers on behalf of clients within the designated accounts Utilize syndicated data and category insights when necessary to deliver sales goals. Monitor customer sales, pricing, rebates and deductions on behalf of the client Represent the client during category reviews acting as champion for client products Qualifications  (Required) Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience 3-5 years previous experience managing key accounts Good written communication and verbal communication skills Excellent customer service orientation Ability to make oral presentations Ability to gather data, to compile information, and prepare reports Ability to ensure a high level of service and quality is maintained Ability to research and analyze data effectively          Track record of building and maintaining customer/client relationships Flexible and adaptable, able to change and alter according to changes in projects or business environment Ability to work independently and prioritize duties with minimal supervision, in order to meet deadlines Basic computer skills including familiarity with Word, Excel, Outlook and Internet usage Advantage Solutions is one of North America’s leading sales and marketing agencies specializing in outsourced sales, merchandising, category management and marketing services to manufacturers, suppliers and producers of food products and consumer packaged goods. Advantage Solutions services a variety of trade channels including grocery, mass merchandise, specialty, convenience, drug, dollar, club, hardware, consumer electronics and home centers. We bridge the gap between manufacturers and retailers, providing consumers access to the best products available in the marketplace today.   Advantage Sales and Marketing, LLC dba Advantage Solutions is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
Retail Customer Service Sales AssociateMen's Wearhouse is looking for talented Retail Sales Associate candidates that have a passion for providing world class service to customers and employees.  As a Customer Service Retail Sales Associate you will learn and demonstrate tuxedo product knowledge including sizing, style, and accessory options, accurately complete all appropriate paperwork, and ensure timely and accurate data entry, maintain and update in-store rental/sales information and supplies.  You will support managers, sales consultants, and tailors in meeting and maintaining benchmark sales goals.Responsibilities:Learn and demonstrate tuxedo product knowledge including sizing, style, and accessory optionsAssist in the tailor shop as directed by managementAssist with all customer needs, such as alterations appointments, pick-ups, special orders requests and sales.Properly measure customers and assist in style selectionMeet and maintain benchmark retails sales goalsMarket the store tuxedo rental business by attending bridal shows and marketing to prom customers as directed by store managementRequirements:Thrive in a fast-paced and competitive sales environmentAbility to work a flexible schedule including weekends and holidaysAbility to distinguish between fabric patterns and colorsMaintain a professional, well-groomed appearancePrior customer service experience preferredIf you're passionate about collaboratively driving sales in a fun, team oriented environment, Men's Wearhouse had opportunities for you.  Join our team today at www.tmwjobs.com or Click the APPLY NOW!If you need further assistance please contact  Cynthia Bond 732-305-6464
Powerco Federal Credit Union seeks part time Customer Service Reps for branches inthe McDonough and Downtown Atlanta areas. Must be professional, customer service-oriented with excellent communication skills; both in person and over the phone.Cash handling and phone experience required; teller/branch banking experience is preferred. Offering a competitive hourly rate and 401k matching plan. Monday – Friday hours between 8:30am – 4:30pm, depending on branch’s part time needs. Qualified applicants email hrdept@powercofcu.org or fax resume to 404-506-1815.
Teller/Customer Service RepresentativeFinance/Banking Full & Part-Time TellersSecurity First Bank is hiring for Tellers at multiple Lincoln locations!The position will be responsible to give support to customers in all facets of their banking needs and promote/represent the bank. Duties include (but are not limited to): working teller window and/or drive-up, counting money, account maintenance, answering phone, and balancing cash drawer. Successful candidate will have knowledge of office equipment, customer service skills and enjoy working with the public. Accuracy and attention to detail required. Knowledge of basic accounting procedures helpful. Prior banking experience and/or cash handling experience preferred but willing to train successful candidates. We offer a competitive benefits package. Applications may be picked up and returned to: Security First Bank (Red Rock or Garret Location), Lincoln, NE or online at www.security1stbank.com Security First Bank is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. We are also an equal opportunity employer of individuals with disabilities and protected veterans.
Customer Success Manager Job in San Mateo 94402, California US CyberCoders Search. Apply. Done. Learn more about CyberCoders Customer Success Manager Apply San Mateo, CA Full-Time $100,000 - $150,000 Job Details If you are a Customer Success Manager with experience in successful project management , please read on!Job Title: Customer Success ManagerLocation: San Mateo, CASalary: $100-150k + Equity optionsThe Company: We are a Mid-Stage start up that has created a cognitive platform that brings advanced insights to health care. Our platform provides solutions that provide more accurate risk adjustments by creating digitized medical records. We are looking to add the best and brightest to our team!!What You Will Be Doing- Serve as a lead with our customer relationships- Manage coordination, tracking and reporting for all things related to customer projects- Lead collaboration among internal teams for customer operations projects - Provide regular reporting and info sharing with internal stakeholders- Own customer operations project management processes, tools, references materials, and dysfunctional usage- Partner with engineering team to identify, prevent, and resolve, software issues affecting customer projectsWhat You Need for this PositionRequirements:Bachelors in Computer ScienceAt Least 5 Years of experience and knowledge of:- Customer Success Project Management - Customer Relationship Management- Vendor Management-SQL-Software Documentation- Process ImprovementPluses:- Healthcare Information Technology- Healthcare data systems, data formats, and processes - Prior Startup ExperienceWhat's In It for You- Competitive Salary- Full Benefits- Great Work Environment- Immediate Hire- Equity Options- Lunch 4 times a week+ fully stocked fridge!!So, if you are a Customer Success Manager with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. Are you a good fit for this position? Amanda Wilson is recruiting for this position. Apply Job ID: AW2-1287624 Clicking the green apply button is the best way to apply, but you may also email me your resume in Word: Amanda.Wilson@CyberCoders.com **Please do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: CC MonsterAp: AW2-1287624 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.** Thank you, Amanda Wilson | Executive Recruiter | CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright © 1999 - 2016. CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
A Leading Global Information and Technology Health Services Company is looking for a Customer Service Representative in Warren, NJ! Schedule is Monday - Friday, 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM (some flexibility required)Pay is $16.54/hour Duties: Will handle incoming calls from customers dealing with loyalty/Rx discount cards for different pharmaceutical companiesAnswers incoming calls from pharmacies and patients and gathers information from the caller to troubleshoot the issueProvides pharmacy co pay assistance for loyalty card programs Navigates multiple screens to research callers requestLogs all calls in web traxEnrolls patients into co pay programsSupport transactions by interacting between pharmacies and patients Makes outbound calls following up on rejected claims and other issues Escalates more complex issues to Supervisor/Manager as necessary  Requirements: Candidates with administrative experience in a medical office that can analyze/understand EOBs (explanation of benefits) forms are highly desiredPhone customer support experience requiredMedical, pharmacy or healthcare background is a plus Must be computer literate and familiar with MS Office  If you feel like you would be a good fit for this position, please apply with your current resume today! 
Do You love helping solve technical problems? Are you the most popular outgoing Tec-head in your circle of friends and family? Do you love talking to people? Are you looking to get your foot in the door of the #1 fastest growing Software as a Service companies in the Midwest? What are you waiting for!? email me your resume now! I'm excited to meet you. :) What cool stuff will I do every day:  Asses the nature of problems and resolve the issues over the phone in the US and Internationally with our Spanish speaking partners to ensure quality service and support is provided.Build and maintain business relationships with clients by providing prompt and accurate service so as to promote customer loyalty.Provide advanced level tech support for customer software applications, including proprietary software and website support.Address and resolve customer inquiries, problems and complaints regarding products in a timely and accurate manner.Responsible for monitoring, troubleshooting, and supporting customer software applications.Initiate, update, track, and close tickets through work order system.Enter all required information into the system to create and maintain customer database, ensuring accuracy and fast :)Escalate complex issues to supervisorsComplete and maintain all required paperwork, records, documents, and tech support logs according to procedure.Recognize, document and alert the supervisor of trends in customer calls.Recommend process improvements, because your feedback matters to us!Education and Skills: Some CollegeFluent in Spanish for support with our international office Software experience 2 + years experience supporting customers via phone in technical help desk environment.HTML,CSS,Dreamweaver & Browser Knowledge Skilled in Microsoft Office suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.).
Customer Service Training Manager Uline – Shipping Supply Specialists  "The people I work with are as passionate as I am." "I came to Uline for a job. Instead, I found a career." Uline is North America's leading distributor of shipping, packaging and industrial supplies. We're a family-owned company known for our incredible customer service and quality products. Our people make the difference. We're looking for the best and brightest to take our Customer Service and Contact Centers to the next level. If you share in our passion for employee development and training, Uline is the company for you.Uline seeks Customer Service Training Manager at its Corporate Headquarters in Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin (north of Chicago).  Join us to experience why Uline has been designated with the Forbes 2016 America’s Best Employers award. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Manage the day-to-day operations of the Training department.Work with customer service managers to identify training trends and develop new programs.Tailor training and set schedules according to department and location needs.Maintain learning management system and training documents.Monitor and audit trainers and training programs.Act as liaison to other department managers for training-related issues and questions.Identify potential training candidates at branch locations.Provide daily phone support MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree.4+ years training management / supervisory experience.Call center experience a plus.Excellent communication skills (written, verbal and interpersonal).Extremely organized. Strong multitasking and time-management skills. A demonstrated passion for learning and developing employees at all levels BENEFITS Complete insurance coverage – medical, dental, vision, life. State-of-the-art fitness facilities and gourmet cafeteria. 401(k) with company match. Generous paid time off. Tuition reimbursement. 3 bonus programs. Please visit www.uline.com/jobs to learn more about our job openings and benefits package. HOW TO APPLY Please click the “APPLY” button to submit your resume for immediate consideration! EEO/AA Employer/Vet/DisabledUline is a drug-free workplace
HIRING - PART TIME CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVEA Career That’s Meant to BeAt David’s Bridal, we empower our customers and our employees to stay true to their dreams and find the one, whether that means the wedding dress that matches her personal style—or the career that’s a perfect fit.We’re looking for people with diverse backgrounds and fresh ideas to help create a uniquely personal retail experience.Now Accepting Applications for Customer Service RepresentativeThe Customer Service Representative (CSR) is responsible for providing professional and unsurpassed customer service to each of our David’s Bridal customers. The CSR is the first point of contact for our customers, and in this role, the CSR will provide relevant information about David’s Bridal products and services, respond to all customer inquiries, and provide a friendly and encouraging checkout experience.Our most successful CSR’s are self-motivated individuals with upbeat, outgoing personalities, and excellent communications skills. They enjoy fast-paced environments, are incredible at multi-tasking, and offer friendly and encouraging service to all that enter our stores.If you would like to be part of a dynamic team, start the process as our customers dress for the most important days of their lives, and earn a competitive income, we would love to discuss your future at David’s Bridal.Our store will host interviews over the next two weeks.Customer Service RepresentativeResponsibilities:Welcome DeskGreet each customer that enters the store with courtesy and professionalismRegister brides, bridesmaids, and special occasion customersInform each customer of our return/exchange policies, benefits of our vendor programs, and David’s Bridal Credit CardAssign customer to consultants using the Customer Service ChartPoint of SaleProvide an efficient and friendly checkout experience for customersWrap and package purchased merchandise and present it to customersMaintain responsibility for cash register and cash balancingStarterPrepare for all upcoming appointments by printing the customer’s profile and favorites prior to her appointment timeDress SupportSell dresses by fully dressing and accessorizing bridesmaids, flower girls, mothers of the bride/groom, quinceañera, damas, prom customers, and other special occasion shoppers for their events, as neededMaximize sales and customer satisfaction by providing superior service, each time the customer visits, regardless of the purpose of her visit, as neededExplain services provided by the alterations department to the customer and how alterations can play an important role in enhancing the dress for the event, as neededOther Duties and Responsibilities:Assist in maintaining clean fitting roomsEnsure all merchandise presented to the customer is in first-quality conditionRetrieve dresses from stock room for returning customersMaintain housekeeping standards in the store, including floor recovery, vacuuming, dusting, straightening of merchandise, and upkeep of common areasFollow-up with customers regarding special orders, overdue layaways, and completed ordersProcess all inbound and outbound freight, check-in all merchandise, and utilize the UPS system to process all shipping, transfers, and special orders to and from the storePhysicalAbility to lift and/or move up to 10 pounds, climb, balance, kneel, crouch, bend, twist, and standPart Time AvailableProfessional EnvironmentGenerous Employee Discount After First Pay PeriodIf you are interested in working in our stores, please note that the online application process will take approximately 30 minutes.Now that we’ve popped the question, please say “I do”.<br />#CJT_jobBodyContent p {<br /> margin: 10px !important;<br /> min-height: 13px !important;<br />}<br />
NationServe/Wayne Dalton, a division of Overhead Door Corporation has an immediate opening for an Customer Service Representative in the Cincinnati sales office.   THE POSITION Light administrative work including answering / screening / telephone calls to the appropriate person, resolution of calls (orders, quotes, etc). Serve as backup support for warehouse to include loading and unloading of garage doors. Quote residential & commercial orders over phone and to wholesale customers. Data entry of sales orders. Notify customers of potential backorders, credit issues, order availability and any other information regarding orders. Process all necessary paperwork for the daily operation of the sales center as required. Order product from factory as required to fulfill orders. Potentially serve as field supervisor to check job quality on installations or pre-installation job checks. Schedule residential/commercial installations. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Minimum of 1 year of Customer Service experience, construction industry preferred but not required Attention to detail and problem solving. Excellent telephone, written and verbal communication skills while interfacing with all levels of staff and customers. Working knowledge of PC’s and related software including MS Word, Excel, Access, Lotus Notes, etc.  Basic math skills required.  Willingness to learn product and processes. Education High School Diploma or GED Physical / Work Environment Requirements Ability to stand for long periods of time in a non-climate controlled environment. Ability to lift up to 75 pounds. DISCLAIMER   All the above duties and responsibilities are essential job functions subject to reasonable accommodation.  All job requirements listed indicate the minimum level of knowledge, skills and/or ability deemed necessary to perform the job proficiently.  Employees may be required to perform any other job-related instructions as requested by their supervisor, subject to reasonable accommodation.  This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” employment relationship.    
HIRING - PART TIME ALTERATIONS CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVEA Career That’s Meant to BeAt David’s Bridal, we empower our customers and our employees to stay true to their dreams and find the one, whether that means the wedding dress that matches her personal style—or the career that’s a perfect fit.We’re looking for people with diverse backgrounds and fresh ideas to help create a uniquely personal retail experience.Now Accepting Applications for Part TimeAlterations SpecialistThe Alterations CSR is responsible for providing professional and unsurpassed customer service to our David’s Bridal customers. They specifically provide detailed information about our alterations services and respond to customer inquiries.Our most successful Alterations CSR’s are self-motivated individuals with upbeat, outgoing personalities, and excellent communications skills. They enjoy fast-paced environments, are incredible at multi-tasking, and offer friendly and encouraging service to all that enter our alterations department.If you would like to be part of a dynamic team, start the process in alterations as our customers dress for the most important days of their lives, and earn a competitive income, we would love to discuss your future at David’s Bridal.Our store will host interviews over the next two weeks.Alterations CSRResponsibilities:Customer Service Skills:Provide excellent customer service to all customers and support all efforts to build a customer-centric culturePrioritize tasks, while maintaining an emphasis on servicing the customerCommunicate effectively with store staff and customersAnalytical Skills:Ability to understand and operate all systems within the store areaAbility and willingness to learn  new computer applications as neededAbility to read and process product information, including intranet content, newsletters, pamphlets, and Company documentsAbility to understand and adhere to safety guidelines or procedures set forth by the companyPhysical Requirements:Manual dexterity to perform non-selling responsibilities, such as use of POS (Point of Sale) terminals, counting money, steaming garments, accessing computers and receiving or initiating telephone callsManual dexterity to sew and perform fittings to David’s Bridal standards, as neededAbility to move throughout the store, lift and or move up to 10 pounds, climb, stoop, kneel, crouch, and reach with armsPart Time AvailableProfessional EnvironmentGenerous Employee Discount After First Pay PeriodIf you are interested in working in our stores, please note that the online application process will take approximately 30 minutes.Now that we’ve popped the question, please say “I do”.<br />#CJT_jobBodyContent p {<br /> margin: 10px !important;<br /> min-height: 13px !important;<br />}<br />
HIRING - PART TIME CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVEA Career That’s Meant to BeAt David’s Bridal, we empower our customers and our employees to stay true to their dreams and find the one, whether that means the wedding dress that matches her personal style—or the career that’s a perfect fit.We’re looking for people with diverse backgrounds and fresh ideas to help create a uniquely personal retail experience.Now Accepting Applications for Customer Service RepresentativeThe Customer Service Representative (CSR) is responsible for providing professional and unsurpassed customer service to each of our David’s Bridal customers. The CSR is the first point of contact for our customers, and in this role, the CSR will provide relevant information about David’s Bridal products and services, respond to all customer inquiries, and provide a friendly and encouraging checkout experience.Our most successful CSR’s are self-motivated individuals with upbeat, outgoing personalities, and excellent communications skills. They enjoy fast-paced environments, are incredible at multi-tasking, and offer friendly and encouraging service to all that enter our stores.If you would like to be part of a dynamic team, start the process as our customers dress for the most important days of their lives, and earn a competitive income, we would love to discuss your future at David’s Bridal.Our store will host interviews over the next two weeks.Customer Service RepresentativeResponsibilities:Welcome DeskGreet each customer that enters the store with courtesy and professionalismRegister brides, bridesmaids, and special occasion customersInform each customer of our return/exchange policies, benefits of our vendor programs, and David’s Bridal Credit CardAssign customer to consultants using the Customer Service ChartPoint of SaleProvide an efficient and friendly checkout experience for customersWrap and package purchased merchandise and present it to customersMaintain responsibility for cash register and cash balancingStarterPrepare for all upcoming appointments by printing the customer’s profile and favorites prior to her appointment timeDress SupportSell dresses by fully dressing and accessorizing bridesmaids, flower girls, mothers of the bride/groom, quinceañera, damas, prom customers, and other special occasion shoppers for their events, as neededMaximize sales and customer satisfaction by providing superior service, each time the customer visits, regardless of the purpose of her visit, as neededExplain services provided by the alterations department to the customer and how alterations can play an important role in enhancing the dress for the event, as neededOther Duties and Responsibilities:Assist in maintaining clean fitting roomsEnsure all merchandise presented to the customer is in first-quality conditionRetrieve dresses from stock room for returning customersMaintain housekeeping standards in the store, including floor recovery, vacuuming, dusting, straightening of merchandise, and upkeep of common areasFollow-up with customers regarding special orders, overdue layaways, and completed ordersProcess all inbound and outbound freight, check-in all merchandise, and utilize the UPS system to process all shipping, transfers, and special orders to and from the storePhysicalAbility to lift and/or move up to 10 pounds, climb, balance, kneel, crouch, bend, twist, and standPart Time AvailableProfessional EnvironmentGenerous Employee Discount After First Pay PeriodIf you are interested in working in our stores, please note that the online application process will take approximately 30 minutes.Now that we’ve popped the question, please say “I do”.<br />#CJT_jobBodyContent p {<br /> margin: 10px !important;<br /> min-height: 13px !important;<br />}<br />
Customer Service Associate- Tech ClientsThe Job Window is currently looking for an entry level individual with a customer service background for their full time Customer Service Associate - Tech Clients position. For this Customer Service Associate - Tech Clients position, our client has found that candidates who have worked in retail, restaurant, hospitality or customer service industries excel as they have the people skills to provide the “personal touch" that the company is known for. This company specializes in areas of customer renewal, customer retention and customer acquisition in telecommunications.This firm is the leader in the marketing industry and specializes in tailoring customer service to the character of the client and company culture. Representing the largest home improvement companies in North America, it is a priority for our client to provide the best customer service with high professionalism and to maintain and build quality relationships. This Customer Service Associate - Tech Clients position is full-time and involves in-person interaction with customers.This firm’s niche has been their ability to act as the liaison between major clients and their customers. Through their unique, relationship-oriented approach, they have been able to provide clients tremendous results and an increased market share.This firm prides themselves on their competitive, but extremely friendly and family-oriented work environment. Their culture promotes constant personal and professional growth, based on principles of respect, trust and challenge. They are now striving to train the most capable and skilled individuals to help acquire new clients, grow into new markets and develop new campaigns. They provide full training and career advancement in this globally expanding industry. Customer Service Associate - Tech Clients Required TasksApproach customers and understand how needs can be met by products and services offeredManage in-store service eventProvide exceptional customer service and consultation adviceFacilitate administrative tasks and customer schedulingAdditional tasks as requiredDue to recent expansion, our client is willing to train a highly motivated individual for management, customer service and lead generation opportunities, but they must be willing to train in an entry level position. This Customer Service Associate- Tech Clients opening is ideal for college graduates or professionals with customer service experience looking for a career change because this is an entry level position in a brand new industry.Benefits of the Customer Service Associate - Tech Clients Position:Comprehensive Paid Training by a National ManagerNational and International Travel for Company EventsOpportunity For Community and Charity InvolvementFlexible SchedulingNumerous Advancement Opportunities RequirementsQualifications for the Customer Service Representative - Tech Clients Position:Experience in customer service and associated fieldsAbility to adapt to a variety of peopleWinning attitude and dedication to ensuring customer satisfactionPositive attitude and ability to work well within a team environmentBackground in Retail or RestaurantLeadership skills
Agfa HealthCare Corporation has an exciting opportunity for an CustomerSupport Engineer.     The main focus of this role is to provide expert on-site and remote support for multiple Agfa software products on mission critical products and systems in the healthcare environment.  Support provided is a problem solving approach with a blend of customer service, technical expertise and the understanding of the customer’s system expectations.   The incumbent is considered a global subject-matter expert and can independently combine strong technical skills relevant to the focus areas, advanced communication skills and strong knowledge of production processes to facilitate highly complex customer issues.  In order to succeed, the incumbent derives a strong motivation from facilitation of long-term improvements of a broad scope.  Ability to work outside normal hours.   This position may be based out of the following location(s) and surrounding area:   Dallas, Texas Agfa HealthCare Corporation has an exciting opportunity for an CustomerSupport Engineer.     The main focus of this role is to provide expert on-site and remote support for multiple Agfa software products on mission critical products and systems in the healthcare environment.  Support provided is a problem solving approach with a blend of customer service, technical expertise and the understanding of the customer’s system expectations.   The incumbent is considered a global subject-matter expert and can independently combine strong technical skills relevant to the focus areas, advanced communication skills and strong knowledge of production processes to facilitate highly complex customer issues.  In order to succeed, the incumbent derives a strong motivation from facilitation of long-term improvements of a broad scope.  Ability to work outside normal hours.   This position may be based out of the following location(s) and surrounding area:   Dallas, Texas Installation, remedial and preventive maintenance of Agfa and other OEM products trained on. Review of basic equipment operational function with the customer to meet training obligations during installations. Perform system administration as required.       Provides immediate response and prompt resolution to hardware and software problems to ensure customer uptime and satisfaction. Develops solutions for technical problems by interfacing with hospital systems IT systems administrators, end user personnel and outside vendors and support teams. Insures maximum uptime, performance and efficiency of all Agfa systems. Installs software, hardware and executes performance analysis as needed. Defines problems, verifies defects in system, then applies fix, circumvention, or other probable reconciliatory techniques. Escalations: Initiate and follow all issues escalation processes and to keep the customer and management informed as to the status of the escalation. Document all service activities on a daily basis and maintains customer issues lists. Negotiate satisfactory resolution to end-users at multiple levels (technicians, radiologists, physicists, and all levels of management). Develop a close working relationship with the customer to provide assistance and guidance towards developing an action plan for additional AGFA sales (Service Maintenance Agreements, Upgrades, Professional Services, or new equipment Installation, remedial and preventive maintenance of Agfa and other OEM products trained on. Review of basic equipment operational function with the customer to meet training obligations during installations. Perform system administration as required.       Provides immediate response and prompt resolution to hardware and software problems to ensure customer uptime and satisfaction. Develops solutions for technical problems by interfacing with hospital systems IT systems administrators, end user personnel and outside vendors and support teams. Insures maximum uptime, performance and efficiency of all Agfa systems. Installs software, hardware and executes performance analysis as needed. Defines problems, verifies defects in system, then applies fix, circumvention, or other probable reconciliatory techniques. Escalations: Initiate and follow all issues escalation processes and to keep the customer and management informed as to the status of the escalation. Document all service activities on a daily basis and maintains customer issues lists. Negotiate satisfactory resolution to end-users at multiple levels (technicians, radiologists, physicists, and all levels of management). Develop a close working relationship with the customer to provide assistance and guidance towards developing an action plan for additional AGFA sales (Service Maintenance Agreements, Upgrades, Professional Services, or new equipment Education   Bachelors Degree in a technology field or an equivalent combination of education and relevant healthcare IT experience.  MCSE, Network +, and CIIP Certifications are also a plus.     Experience Five or more years previous work experience in a technical customer support role working with mission critical IT systems. PACS, RIS, HIS, and EMR experience is highly desired. Experiences with electronic and electromechanical systems are also required.   Specific skills   Good working knowledge of networking and operating systems (UNIX and Windows), databases (Oracle and SQL), remote connectivity, security and digital medical image processing.   Previous knowledge of Agfa software or similar industry PACS, HIS, RIS or EMR products, hospital workflow and a demonstrated capability to learn cutting edge new technologies. Excellent computer skills including MS Office, Lotus Notes and Internet based knowledge management systems. Excellent oral, written and interpersonal communications skills. Proven organizational and time management skills. Demonstrated experience adapting to change and managing priorities. Strong customer service skills in interacting with both internal and external customers. Previous experience working in a global environment (networking and building relationships with individuals in remote locations and virtual teams). Excellent understanding of the technical services business, product launch process and healthcare environment. Must be eligible to travel overnight both within the US and Canada. Experience with and understanding of HL7 and DICOM. Must be eligible to apply for customer initiated security clearances such as the US National Agency Check (NAC). We offer a rewarding career in a field that impacts lives, the opportunity to work with a talented, committed team of individuals, training and career development programs, and a competitive compensation and benefits package. If you want to be part of this experience, we'll take you there.   Learn more about Agfa HealthCare and follow us on Twitter.   Agfa HealthCare Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities/Women/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans. #LIPOST
DescriptionProfessionals with customer service experience are wanted to fill our Account Manager position.We are currently accepting applications from individuals with experience working in customer service, customer relations, and customer support to work as part of our team. Account Managers will receive training to ensure they have all the skills and knowledge that they require to be successful in this high energy industry. We are seeking candidates that are outgoing, personable & comfortable working in a team environment with a focus on customer satisfaction and professional development.www.principalmarketinginc.net careers@principalmarketinginc.netTeam based training sessions ensure that each person in our company has the opportunity to learn from our top representatives. We promote growth from within and encourage our team to work together to reach client & customer goals and improve skills. Specialized training will prepare individuals to work with customers to provide a unique and pleasant sales experience, which fosters acquisition of quality customers and long term customer loyalty. Job Description/Responsibilities:- Contribute to a positive & energetic environment- Maintain professional standards in marketing, sales & customer service- Customer interaction to promote products & services- Participate in daily training sessions & campaign meetings- New account acquisition & customer retention - Interact with customers daily to review current promotions, provide service quotes and sign on new accounts- Conduct credit checks for potential customers- Work strategically on a lead-based sale campaign- Paperwork & lead disposition as needed Qualifications- 4 year degree preferred- Desire to participate in professional development and take on new responsibilities- Self-motivated and comfortable working both independently and as part of a team- Customer service or customer relationship experience- Ability to perform at a high level in a fast paced environment- Reliable transportation is a required! In the previous years we have been able to provide exceptional training for customer service, marketing, and sales management and we have expanded to multiple locations nationally. We continue to train within our company to maintain the values and integrity that have allowed us to become one of the fastest growing outsourced providers for consultative customer sales in our market. We are currently hiring representatives to work and expand our client's campaign in the Chicago market.Position Benefits- Competitive Compensation- Weekly Pay- Merit Based Advancement- Exciting Bonuses & Incentive Plan- Company Events- Fun Work Environment
This highly motivated, organized and positive individual is responsible for the administration of the National Association of Railroad Passenger’s programs and to channel passenger feedback on customer service issues to rail service providers. The director will also oversee the operations of the Amtrak Customer Advisory Committee (ACAC) and perform associated administrative functions. On behalf of NARP, the director will endeavor to create and maintain advisory committees for other agencies and service providers, and examine feedback from these passenger groups.  Key Responsibilities Create and maintain customer advisory committees Facilitate meetings and coordinate activities of volunteersDevelop and administer the organizations’ programs and servicesCreate and write monthly member newsletter Coordinate all aspects of conferences, including travel, catering and lodging Maintain databases, record meeting minutes and develop bi-annual reportConduct periodic surveys of members and stakeholders Recruit and screen new membersSubmit monthly expenses and develop annual budget Qualifications These qualifications are not all inclusive of the knowledge, skills, and abilities that will be considered.Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to write clear, concise, accurate messages that are grammatically correct Minimum of two years professional meeting/event planning experience Ability to work a flexible schedule, including some evenings and weekends Proficient in MS Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint (Publisher/Quark/Adobe InDesign is a plus)Ability to collaborate with stakeholders, facilitate discussions and reach consensusMinimum of two years professional budget development  experience Excellent time management skills Work Environment Office environment25 percent travel requiredThis position offers the opportunity to work from home on a flexible schedule Resumes should be submitted to narp@narprail.org.       
This position reports directly to the quality leader and is responsible for being the voice of the customer and acts as the quality liaison through frequent customer contact. This position works under moderate to low level of supervision and seeks direction/guidance on unique or difficult problems. Essential Functions:Acts as the Customer Advocate within Woodward processes and systems. Acts as the Customer liaison for compliance to customer quality requirements and customer satisfaction relative to quality of products and services. Responsible for a medium number or size of customer accounts. Consults with leadership or higher level customer quality engineers on advanced or complex issues. Responsible for monitoring and tracking customer quality data. Drives root cause analysis and problem solving utilizing Six Sigma methodology and Woodward Quality Management System processes. Monitors and drives improvements to customer quality metrics throughout Woodward. Ensures adequacy of documents and interfaces with customer for required validation documentation to customer quality requirements such as MPP, PQP, PPAP, ISIR, etc. Leads and follows up on internal and external quality audits as required. Monitors and reports on customer score cards. Other Functions:Familiarity with regulatory and compliance requirements. Site Specific. Working Environment / Physical Activities:Some domestic and/or international travel, as required. Qualifications Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:Working knowledge of Woodward's organizational structure, information systems and products. Demonstrates the ability to regularly utilize Six Sigma principals, tools and methodology. Effective written and verbal communication skills including presentations. Writes and presents standard technical reports to peers, management and customers. Proficiency to capture important data, analyze data and report appropriate conclusions: able to identify and address the critical few from the trivial many. Proficient understanding and interpreting engineering specifications, mechanical drawings, and/or electrical schematics, and Geometric Dimensioning and tolerencing (GD&T). Solid understanding of quality management systems including ISO9001, AS9100, TS16949, and/or QS9000. Able to analyze systems and processes against those requirements and identify gaps. Solid understanding of the Woodward PLC process and quality planning tools. Demonstrated ability to coordinate and lead small cross-functional teams. Provides technical problem-solving guidance to others on the team. Ability to effectively and efficiently prioritize and manage multiple tasks. Solid interpersonal skills and effectively work with various levels within the organization and with peers at customer sites or at regulatory agencies. Ability to drive and implement activities to meet customer quality expectations. Ability to provide customers with excellent service and support. Establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers and gains their trust and respect. Education or Formal Training:Bachelor’s degree in a technical field preferred. Nationally recognized quality certification desired. (E.g. American Society for Quality Certified Quality Engineer (ASQ-CQE) certification). 2 year Associates degree in technical field required. In lieu of degree, 4 years’ experience in quality engineering or quality management required. Green Belt or Black Belt trained. Experience Required:With 2 year Associates degree, must have a minimum of 2 years of quality related experience. With no degree, a minimum 4 years’ experience in quality engineering or quality management is required.  Woodward is an independent designer, manufacturer, and service provider of control solutions for the aerospace and energy markets. Our aerospace systems and components optimize the performance of fixed wing and rotorcraft platforms in commercial, business and military aircraft, ground vehicles and other equipment. Our energy-related systems and components enhance the performance of industrial gas and steam turbines, reciprocating engines, compressors, wind turbines, electrical grids and other energy-related industrial equipment. The company’s innovative fluid energy, combustion control, electrical energy, and motion control systems help customers offer cleaner, more reliable and more efficient equipment. Our customers include leading original equipment manufacturers and end users of their products.Woodward is an Equal Opportunity EmployerEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Protected Veterans
  Wintek Marketing Manager/Customer Relationship Manager Position  We are looking for an amazing, marketer to own the majority of the marketing funnel for our company. You will be in charge of attracting site traffic, converting that traffic into new leads for the business, and nurturing those leads to close into customers. Applicant must be self motivated, have exceptional communication skills, and be able to keep projects and tasks moving forward.  Must be able to learn about Wintek’s products, services, history, and clients.  Must also be able to respond well to pressure, think creatively, and be interested in what motivates people. Responsibilities Build and manage the company’s social media profiles and presence, including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and additional channels that may be deemed relevant.Create shareable content appropriate for specific networks to spread both our brand and our content.Analysis of customer research, current market conditions and competitor information.Explore new ways to engage and identify new social networks to reach our target buyers.Develop and implement marketing plans and projects for new and existing products.Lead event planning, including working with vendors, event coordinators, and design teams for company marketing events.Create content regularly to grow the company’s footprint.Create content for company website and manage website.Collaborate with prominent members of the company, including executives, to craft and pitch press releases and thought leadership columns.Managing the customer journey (customer relationship management)Identifying target markets and developing strategies to communicate with them.  Education and Experience •   Business or marketing-related degree or equivalent professional qualification•   Experience in all aspects of developing and managing marketing strategies•   Technical marketing skills•   Proven experience in customer and market research Key Competencies •   excellent written and verbal communication skills•   formal presentation skills•   organization and planning•   strategic thinking•   problem analysis and problem-solving•   team-leadership•   persuasiveness•   adaptability•   creativity•   judgment•   decision-making  Please submit resume to ojb@wintek.com for consideration. 
An American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment is looking for a Quality Engineer in the East Moline, IL area. This is a 7 month CONTRACT position with the possibility of extension. No per diem available. 1st shift - 7am-3.30pm. Will be required to travel every 5 weeks or so to suppliers within the U.S.Responsibilities for the Quality EngineerProvides quality planning, control, and improvement support for product development teams, manufacturing engineering, supply management, and manufacturing and/or distribution organizations to assure product quality meets the customers' expectations. This includes the application of quality tools within the Enterprise Product Delivery Process (EPDP), Enterprise Order Fulfillment Process (EOFP) and Customer Support Process (CSP). Also supports application of quality tools with key suppliers as an integral element of quality planning. Participates on PDP (Product Delivery Process) teams as the Quality representative, ensuring quality activities and plans are formulated and followed. Engages in applying/leading Quality tools in Product Delivery Process (PDP) teams. Encourages early interaction of both customer and supplier input to team activities. Participates in Design Process and Assembly Reviews (DPARs), print reviews, and design reviews of new products. Monitors and facilitates quality activities for part approval, verifies manufacturing processes (control plans, assembly instructions) and confirms process capability. Uses quality tools and practices to establish approval criteria to ensure the identification of quality failure concerns for both internal and external manufactured parts and assemblies. An example is Failure Modes & Effects Analysis (FMEA). Investigates unit quality related issues and concerns related to product and processes, gathers and analyzes data, resolves/facilitates resolution and implements corrective action. Engages in applying/leading Quality tools on Customer Support Process (CSP), Continuous Improvement (CI),and/or Value Improvement (VI) teams. Investigates product quality problems, determines root cause for quality problems, gathers and analyzes data and implements corrective action to reduce or eliminate non-value waste resulting from non-conformances, scrap or reclaim.Assists in identifying, communicating and resolving supplier quality problems. Engages in supplier quality plan formulation as necessary. Conducts audits of new and existing suppliers to determine manufacturing capability and adherence to accepted quality practices. Drives prevention actions. Facilitates and writes quality procedures for the purpose of maintaining/updating the factory quality system and supports quality system audits, reviews results with audit team, and participates in management review meetings. Provides training and/or supervision to co-workers, inspectors, technicians and auditors on quality procedures and tools to monitor critical processes to assure consistent control and/or to implement cost-saving ideas to improve our products to meet customer expectations.Requirements for the Quality Engineer4 year Degree in a technical field. 1+ years experience working with PPAPs (Production Part Approval Process)Benefits for the Quality Engineer401KHealthcareThis Job is located in East Moline, IL -> United States
Do you have strong experience within Account Management? Volt in partnership with a leading aviation company is looking for a Customer Service Account Manager in the College Park, GA area. The position includes but is responsible for all aspects of customer accounts including quoting and order process, contract management, revenue growth and performance reporting. We are looking for a self-motivator to work innovative team. Aviation knowledge or experience is required. Bilingual Preferred. Volt is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Requirements are: Maintains strong client relationships and acts as the primary point of contact for all customer service activity. Leads Customer Service Team and acts as an escalation point for issues identified by Customer Service Representatives. Ensures that customer service representatives are trained and knowledgeable on the global processes. Ensures customer quotations and purchase orders are managed to meet expectations. Manages and attends meetings to resolve problems and provide solutions. Works with Purchasing, Operations and Sales to coordinate the purchase order flow in the warehouse as required. Must have prior Aviation knowledge/experience. Conducts customer field visits and periodic program performance reviews. Assist and perform responsibilities given by the customer service Director. Works with Sales and Purchasing on forecasting.
Job Description: Open Positions for Career-Minded People. Ready to raise the bar on customer satisfaction? Are you ready to join a company that offers growth, challenge and commitment to excellence? Our Customer Delivery Inspectors have a talent for assembly and quality control. They are responsible for setting the standard for the quality of the merchandise our customers will receive to meet our goal of total customer satisfaction! Expectations: Commitment to Raymour & Flanigan's safety practices, promote awareness and maintaining a neat and safe work area. Exceptional attention to detail. Proven talent to inspect and assemble large volumes of furniture. Work in a fast pace environment. Demonstrate a high level of urgency to ensure properly prepared product. Enhance our customer shopping experience. Must be able to stand for prolonged periods of time. Mechanically inclined with the ability to fix mechanical and structural repairs. You must have excellent listening skills and the ability to work independently and with a team. Perform additional functions that may be assigned at the discretion of management. Qualifications: Ability to work with hand tools. High School Diploma or equivalent. Physical Requirements: Lift, lower, push, or pull all sizes of furniture up to and in excess of 100 lbs. At Raymour & Flanigan, we recognize and appreciate all of our team members' hard work and dedication. We pride ourselves on being a long term, privately held company that takes care of its associates by recognizing each individual's potential and investing in their future success!    Raymour & Flanigan provides a full range of comprehensive benefit programs to help you achieve your wellness and financial goals which include: Health Insurance (Up to 80% of premium paid) and Prescription Drug Coverage Dental and Vision Coverage Company paid Life Insurance Company paid Short-term Disability 401(k) Retirement Plan w/ Company Match & Profit Sharing Voluntary Life and Long-term Disability Insurance Flexible Spending Account Employee Assistance Program Other Great Benefits: Weekly Pay Paid Vacation and Holidays Training and Development Tuition Reimbursement Program Generous Merchandise Discount Raymour & Flanigan proudly supports a drug free and smoke free work environment. Raymour & Flanigan is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that does not discriminate against any associate or applicant on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, marital or familial status, genetic information or other basis protected by law.
RESPONSIBILITIES:Kforce has a client in Charlotte, North Carolina (NC) that is seeking a Customer Service Representative. Responsibilities: Answer incoming calls from customers in a call center environment Act as a liaison between clients and field and office personnel to ensure accurate and timely communication Respond to calls by evaluating situations and routing messages to the appropriate field advisor Produce written Call Reports that are concise, informative, and accurate Ensure departmental standards are being met and proper protocol is followedREQUIREMENTS: High School diploma or GED/equivalent Technical skills (computer literacy; demonstrated proficiency in office productivity software including spreadsheets and presentations) Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to deal with distressed customers including irate callers and foreign accents Ability to work a flexible schedule shifts may vary
Join OUR team. Earn MORE money. ABC Worldwide Transportation is now hiring qualified full-time DISPATCHERS/CUSTOMER SERVICE REPS in the SF Bay Area to provide efficient communication and reliable support to our chauffeured drivers.  Must be available to work weekends and nights (multiple shifts available.) Our ideal candidates are hard workers, have excellent customer service skills, are knowledgeable of the SF Bay Area and can handle a fast-paced workload. We provide the tools, you provide the service! Why work for ABC?ABC provides all equipment, work space and additional trainingCompensation is negotiable and based on experienceFlexible hours and work benefitsWhat will you be doing?Scheduling chauffeurs and vehicles for pickups/drop-offsDispatching reservations, providing drivers with directions and anticipating route changesAssuring scheduled trips are complete and checked for accuracy.Verifying information such as name, address, location and special instructions of the passengersAnswering several phone lines and two-way radio systemTaking live reservations while communicating effectively with customers and driversMake contact with customers to confirm tripsDevelop relationships with customers and drivers; utilize relationships to market potential customersWhat do you need to get started?Computer literate/40WPMAbility to multi-task and attention to detail Excellent customer service and phone skillsAbility to work effectively with leadership, office support and team membersPrior dispatch experience is a plus! To Schedule an Interview Contact: ☎ 650.401.6200 x111 ✉ abcjob@abctrans.comOr Apply In Person! 15 S. Bayshore Blvd. San Mateo, CA 94401 M-F 9 a.m.-5 p.m. To learn more about the company and apply online, visit us at www.abctrans.com.
Report this job About the Job Job Duties & ResponsibilitiesExceptional insurance claims handling is one of the key ways that GEICO stands out from our competition! Our professional Claims Representatives are the first point of contact for customers involved in accidents and deliver on GEICO's promise to be there when they need us most.Accidents and natural disasters are traumatic experiences, and it takes a special person to empathize and provide outstanding customer service during these situations. Through our industry-leading, paid training, we'll teach you the fundamentals of insurance claims handling. After training, you will assist customers throughout the claims process and settle undisputed non-injury claims. Base starting salary is $31,938 - $35,131 depending on night shift differential. Candidate QualificationsHigh school diploma or equivalentGood customer service skills or prior experienceDemonstrated timely, consistent job attendance historySolid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skillsStrong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skillsMust be comfortable working in a fast-paced, high-volume call centerCareer OpportunitiesAt GEICO, the opportunity for advancement is outstanding! We invest in our associates through training and development to help them reach their career goals and personal aspirations. Our associates average two promotions within the first three years. At GEICO,We provide on-going training to help you learn your jobWe encourage professional development through GEICO University, our company wide training and development programWe provide constant coaching and feedback to help you develop your skillWe offer opportunities to advance your career and become a lead, coach, trainer, or supervisor If you are ready for a challenging and rewarding work environment, GEICO has the career path for you.About GeicoFor more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:401(k) and profit-sharing plansMedical, dental, vision and life insurancePaid vacation, holidays and leave programsTuition reimbursementAssociate assistance programFlexible spending accountsBusiness casual dressFitness and dining facilities (at most locations)Associate clubs and sports teamsVolunteer opportunitiesGEICO Federal Credit Union* Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.How to ApplyClick "Apply for Job" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Please include all recent work history and any other work relevant to the position you are applying for. #buffalo Report Previous Next {"Caption":"","Images":[{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xgeicox/cjt2/01.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xgeicox/cjt2/02.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xgeicox/cjt2/03.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xgeicox/cjt2/04.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xgeicox/cjt2/05.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null}]} ‹ › ×
POSITION OVERVIEW:This position will act as the 2nd point of contact for new and existing customers to establish rapport and build confidence in Burbank Dental Laboratory services. This person must also be upbeat and professional. Dental experience preferred but will train the right candidate. ABOUT US:Burbank Dental Laboratory is a full service dental laboratory providing a huge array of products.  Our Laboratory is ISO certified and constantly working to ensure the best possible products and services for our clients.RESPONSIBILITIES:This individual must possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills, have inside sales experience, be intuitive, organized, critical thinker, ability to multi task and trouble shoot, display common sense, be proactive, friendly and personable as well as customer focused. SKILLS:Heavy Phones Outbound/Inbound, Increase sales, Administrative, Data entry, Research, Qualifying leads, Follow up. Inside Phone Sales Experience: 3 years
RESPONSIBILITIES:Kforce has a client that is looking for a Customer Service Representative in Minneapolis, Minnesota (MN).Duties Include: Maintain a professional presence in all situations by asking and providing information per procedures Triage and respond to external customer and sales representative calls Escalate and close pages via backups, if required Send messages from internal/external customers to the sales force by pagers, cell phones, home phones, etcREQUIREMENTS: High School diploma/GED required; college preferred The ideal candidate will have similar skills and abilities to perform the duties listed aboveKforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
A prominent automotive components manufacturer is looking for a Plant Manager for their plant in Ottawa, IL. The plant manager will to oversee manufacturing, plant engineering, maintenance, quality, purchasing, and material flow. The candidate should enjoy mentoring employees.Relocation assistance is provided. The position includes an annual bonus. Responsibilities for the Plant ManagerEnsure compliance with plant goalsSupports zero defects. Insures on-time delivery, Remain cost competitiveExceed customer expectationsRequirements for the Plant ManagerBachelor's degree required. Prefer a technical/engineering degree.5 or more years of experience manufacturing a technical/engineered product, ideally automotiveExperience leading automotive level quality standards; ideally TS16949 process and procedures.BenefitsThis Job is located in Ottawa, IL -> United States
This position serves as the “face” of Sprouts and represents the Distribution Center management team in ensuring the delivery of excellent customer service to our stores through prompt and accurate processing of orders and claims. The Customer Service Coordinator is responsible for all customer service related data; including late orders, order input, and store credit requests.  This role monitors trends in customer service data and delivers weekly metrics to the Distribution Center management team along with insight as to the trends seen in the data. Answers calls and emails from stores professionally and responds to inquiries and complaints in a prompt, professional, and friendly manner. Processes special orders requested by stores. Communicates and coordinates with internal departments, and occasionally may need to escalate calls to supervisor for resolution. Records details of comments, inquiries, complaints, and actions taken. Manage and analyze data for the Distribution Center, working with the Distribution Center management team in a collaborative format to ensure goals are met in regards to established targets. Monitor metrics for trends and reports to the management team any anomalies both positive and negative. Assists the Distribution Center management team by developing and implementing corrective action plans and process improvement. Ensure effective collaboration and communication with all internal customers for greater efficiencies and attainment of the strategic plan. Performs other duties as assigned. Two to three years’ of customer service experience and a high school diploma, general education degree or equivalent preferred; or an acceptable combination of experience and education. Ability to relate to others and to work as a part of a team. Advanced Microsoft Office Excel and Word skills Self-Starter, able to work with different teams of people and work independently Flexible schedule, ability to work overtime or nights as needed. Effective interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills. Ability to successfully manage concurrent projects, multiple priorities, and meet deadlines. Committed to providing excellent customer service to internal and external customers, preserve confidential information, able to work with different teams of people and work independently, reliable, dependable and organized. Demonstrated ability to work in a fast pace environment and comply with strict time frames and deadlines. Ability to define problems, collect data, and establish facts. Ability to apply common sense and understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, verbal, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations. Ability to compute basic mathematical problems. Accuracy: Maintain 100% accuracy in all documentation. Grow with us!If you have a passion for inspiring people and a flair for fresh food, consider applying for a job at Sprouts! With a focus on customer service, our neighborhood grocery stores offer high-quality, farm fresh produce, natural meats, plenty of scoop-your-own bulk goods and much more in a fun, friendly, old-fashioned farmer’s market setting.  Come grow your career in healthy living with a fast-paced, rapidly growing company and teams that pride themselves on empowering others along their journey. *CB**MNST*  The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by people assigned to this work. This is not an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and requirements. Sprouts’ management reserves the right to amend and change duties, responsibilities, and requirements to meet business and organizational needs as necessary.
Report this job About the Job Prepress/Graphic Design &Customer Service PersonSpencer Printing is growing,and we' re in need of aprepress/customer serviceperson. Responsibilities include:sending proofs to clients,design/layout, correcting/editing existing artwork, etc.Must be proficient with theAdobe creative suite, extremelywell organized, articulate,well spoken, great atsending grammatically correctand concise emails, great withpeople– basically just awesomein every way! Competitivesalary plus benefits. Pleasesend resume and portfolio to natezaur@gmail.com. Report
Job Description:Looking for a FUN company to work for?? I have an immediate need for a Customer Service Manager from Consumer Goods. This fun company is looking for someone to handle the distribution of the product. They are looking for someone with Consumer Goods background. Bilingual Spanish is a plus! You will be in charge of fulfillment, returns, exchanges, damaged goods, distribution, and managing around 2-3 employees. They do prefer someone with MAS200 experience but open if you don't have it. Possible travel to Mexico once a week to check on the plant there. Benefits are great! They offer Medical, Dental, 401K, Vacation/Sick Time. Must be energetic, self-motivating, self-starter and possess excellent customer service. Please attach your resume in a Word format when applying for this position. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1085203 Job Experience:,Years of Experience Required:
Job Description:This Bilingual Spanish Customer Service Representative opportunity*Immediate need for cust service reps seeking competitive benefits, advancement opportunities, and ongoing training. *High degree of tact and technical knowledge, ability to prioritize workload, schedules, and some technical knowledge. *Will be responsible for administrative support, coordinating, editing and preparing data reports, as well as tracking progress of action items and deliverables for well established company. Great benefits. Apply for this great position as a Bilingual Spanish Customer Service Rep! We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1084635 Job Experience:,, Clean Background RequiredMicrosoft Office suite (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, etc.)Bilingual SpanishYears of Experience Required:
POSITION PROFILE:Provides operations functions in one or all of the following areas: operates high volume duplicating equipment, performs associated copying tasks, ships and receives product and supplies, sorts, distributes and handles incoming and outgoing mail/faxes, as well as applies necessary postage. Provides copier maintenance and/or repair of customer site equipment. May also perform bindery, QC and final check, housekeeping, file services, call center representative, and reception, etc. May performs various building support functions related to meeting set ups and light maintenance. Note: Due to the higher level of presentation and telephone skills needed to perform receptionist duties, employees performing this function are considered to be Senior On-Site Services Specialist. This position reports directly to the Site Manager, Site Supervisor or Assistant Site Manager, depending on site personnel configuration.JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Runs high volume copy machines and performs binding and finishing work.Ensures convenience copiers are working properly, checking for quality via daily inspections. Clears paper jams and informs technicians of specific problems.Performs all repair service on customer copier equipment.Maintains records for management reports and inventories of supplies needed.Distributes office supplies, fax transmissions and mail to company personnel and/or designated drop-off points as required.Calculates charges for jobs performed and maintains some billing logs.Responds to and coordinates all service calls required by customer.May perform filing duties in conjunction with specific customer requests.Delivers completed jobs to pre-determined customer locations within and outside of the site.Maintains daily meter and service logs.May travel between customer's buildings.Answers customer questions regarding status or feasibility of job requests.Ensures upkeep of convenience copier areas by keeping neat and well stocked.Performs duties related to the shipping of materials.Performs duties related to the receiving of materials.May perform meeting room and conference room set ups.May perform building occupant moves within assigned facilities.May perform re-lamping and light maintenance duties as assigned.May perform occasional cleaning duties as needed.May require periodic overtime on nights and weekends, including off-hour emergency response.Uses shrink-wrap machine, paper cutter, hole driller, bindery equipment, jogger, tape machine, stackers, electric stapler and scales in completion of various jobs contracted.Uses all copier equipment, calculator, fax machine, postage meter and some PC.Performs filing duties, which may include 'purging' and archiving old documents.Performs other duties as assigned.QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Experience, and Certifications):Requires high school diploma or GED and 1-2 years of related work experience.Some related copy job experience is preferred.May require valid driver's license and minimum levels of auto insurance coverage per Ricoh.Ricoh is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer -- Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled.
As America"s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NYSE: TMUS) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company"s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Wash., T-Mobile US operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. It currently serves approximately 58 million wireless subscribers and provides products and services through 70,000 points of distribution.Be bold. Be great. Have fun.Welcome to the best kind of work, where you can bring your enthusiasm, give your all, and leave each day feeling challenged, empowered, and excited. T-Mobile employees will tell you: there"s nothing like the feeling you get when you make a difference to your customers-and your co-workers. At T-Mobile, we"re looking for a few great people to bring their passion, fierceness, and hard work to the job. In exchange, we offer real career growth opportunities in a place where awesome work is rewarded. So what"s it take to do this job? We"re looking for customer advocates who can consult and sell as they bring a collaborative attitude to every call. You should also have: Prior experience in a similar environment (call center or customer service is ideal) The ability to really talk with-and listen to-our customers, like an expert If you"ve worked in a performance-based culture, let"s talk! Okay. You"ve got all the makings of a top performer. Here"s what we can offer you in exchange for your amazing work: Competitive base pay plus incentives Medical, dental and vision benefits Matching 401(k) Generous paid time-off programs Phone service discounts Education reimbursement Serious growth potential for your career Fun, fast-paced environmentThis is more than a job. It"s a chance to build a career and do work you can be proud of. Come on, what are you waiting for? It"s time to explore an opportunity that could become the job of a lifetime. So apply today! Customer Service Professional General CareBe the point person for our customers, thinking on your feet as you deliver world-class service. This job isn"t for everybody. It"s for driven, confident people, who can rise to the challenge and be advocates for our customers. Sound like you? Here are the basics: Customers call in with billing, product, or service questions You spring into action, proactively identifying solutions It doesn"t stop there: you take a hands-on approach to resolving every issue, taking it from start to finish This isn"t a one-time thing: your great work inspires those customers to stay customers, and that"s important to us Over time, you"ll become an expert on all the T-Mobile technology and servicesT-Mobile USA, Inc is an equal opportunity employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to age, race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, disability or protected veteran status, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. $('span#TrackingJobBody a').each(function (i, v) { if ($(v).attr('href')) { var href = $(v).attr('href').toLowerCase(); if (href.match("^http")) { switch (true) { case /facebook/.test(href): $(v).attr('mns_rt', 'NonJob-Facebook'); break; case /linkedin/.test(href): $(v).attr('mns_rt', 'NonJob-Linkedin'); break; case /twitter\.com/.test(href): $(v).attr('mns_rt', 'NonJob-Twitter'); break; case /plus\.google\.com/.test(href): $(v).attr('mns_rt', 'NonJob-GooglePlus'); break; case /youtube/.test(href): $(v).attr('data-track', 'Client-Social-Youtube'); break; case /http[s]?\:\/\/([a-z0-9\-\.]{1,}\.[a-z]{2,})[\/]?$/.test(href): $(v).attr('data-track', 'Client-Link-Homepage'); break; default: $(v).attr('mns_rt', 'jobcustomapplyonline'); break; } } } });
This person would work in conjunction with other team members to address inquiries from clients and prospects. In addition this position supports the administrative needs of the sales and management staff and acts as a liaison for facility vendors. Provide excellent customer service through active listening and professional communication, to identify root causes of customer issues and ensure timely resolution. Process orders, respond to inquiries, answer requests for information, and respond to service needs in a prompt, courteous and effective manner. Maintain accurate and current inventory records in accordance with customer and company specifications. Continually focus on the improvement of his/her processes to ensure customer's needs are being met, while maintaining high quality, cost effective logistics services. Consistently adhere to corporate values and objectives. Customer Service Representative essential responsibilities: 1. Resolve problems as they occur and ensure that accurate and complete information is conveyed to all. 2. Provide reliable, consistent service to both internal and external customers. 3. Write and complete accurate business correspondence to customers and team. 4. Copy sales personnel on customer correspondence. 5. Take ownership of quote process, which includes receiving customer requests for quotes via phone or email and ensuring that necessary information, is obtained. Process and submit quote information to operations, marking up costs based on sales guidelines and providing final quote to customer in an efficient, timely and professional manner. 6. Accept booking requests via email or phone. Notate information provided and research additional information as needed. 7. Complete special assignments by establishing objectives, determining priorities, management time, gaining cooperation of others, problem solving and making necessary adjustments. To be successful in this position, the Operation Specialist must have the ability to: 1. Apply professional, polite telephone communication skills. 2. Deliver extraordinary customer service in a courteous, efficient and professional manner. 3. Pay attention to detail to detect discrepancies on records or reports. 4. Listen for hidden messages to obtain information from customers and internal staff. 5. Maintain professionalism at all times in all interactions. 6. Juggle multiple priorities simultaneously, efficiently and effectively. 7. Meet commitments; accept accountability and stay focused under pressure. 8. Execute high degree of tact, discretion, diplomacy and sensitivity in dealing with situations of a stressful nature. Administrative Specialist essential knowledge areas: 1. Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer service. This aptitude includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction. 2. Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. 3. Strong practical experience with Microsoft Office suite. Qualifications: To be successful in this position, an individual must be able to perform each responsibility, have required knowledge and possess the traits listed in this document. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. Education/Experience: * High school diploma or equivalent.
POSITION PROFILE:Provides operations functions in one or all of the following areas: operates high volume duplicating equipment, performs associated copying tasks, ships and receives product and supplies, sorts, distributes and handles incoming and outgoing mail/faxes, as well as applies necessary postage. Provides copier maintenance and/or repair of customer site equipment. May also perform bindery, QC and final check, housekeeping, file services, call center representative, and reception, etc. May performs various building support functions related to meeting set ups and light maintenance. Note: Due to the higher level of presentation and telephone skills needed to perform receptionist duties, employees performing this function are considered to be Senior On-Site Services Specialist. This position reports directly to the Site Manager, Site Supervisor or Assistant Site Manager, depending on site personnel configuration.JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Runs high volume copy machines and performs binding and finishing work.Ensures convenience copiers are working properly, checking for quality via daily inspections. Clears paper jams and informs technicians of specific problems.Performs all repair service on customer copier equipment.Maintains records for management reports and inventories of supplies needed.Distributes office supplies, fax transmissions and mail to company personnel and/or designated drop-off points as required.Calculates charges for jobs performed and maintains some billing logs.Responds to and coordinates all service calls required by customer.May perform filing duties in conjunction with specific customer requests.Delivers completed jobs to pre-determined customer locations within and outside of the site.Maintains daily meter and service logs.May travel between customer's buildings.Answers customer questions regarding status or feasibility of job requests.Ensures upkeep of convenience copier areas by keeping neat and well stocked.Performs duties related to the shipping of materials.Performs duties related to the receiving of materials.May perform meeting room and conference room set ups.May perform building occupant moves within assigned facilities.May perform re-lamping and light maintenance duties as assigned.May perform occasional cleaning duties as needed.May require periodic overtime on nights and weekends, including off-hour emergency response.Uses shrink-wrap machine, paper cutter, hole driller, bindery equipment, jogger, tape machine, stackers, electric stapler and scales in completion of various jobs contracted.Uses all copier equipment, calculator, fax machine, postage meter and some PC.Performs filing duties, which may include 'purging' and archiving old documents.Performs other duties as assigned.QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Experience, and Certifications):Requires high school diploma or GED and 1-2 years of related work experience.Some related copy job experience is preferred.May require valid driver's license and minimum levels of auto insurance coverage per Ricoh.Ricoh is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer -- Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled.
Position Purpose:Associates in store Customer Service/Delivery positions are responsible for ensuring an outstanding customer order fulfillment experience. Direct customer interaction is frequently required for these positions, which are often the first and/or last impression presented to the customer. Whether directing customers to store departments or merchandise, answering customer questions on product order status, or delivering products directly to a customer s home, these positions play a critical role in ensuring the highest level of customer satisfaction. Specific Customer Service/Delivery positions may include: Customer Services Representative, Delivery Driver Associate, Delivery Puller Associate, Delivery/Will Call Coordinator, Door Monitor Associate, and Phone Center Associate.Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:Execute all steps of the order fulfillment process within the storeScheduling/Prioritizing all deliveries for the store and communicating any availability and/or limitations to fellow Associates so that the best possible service is maintained by setting realistic expectationsApproaching and greeting CustomersAsking open-ended questions and expressing interest in projects in order to put the Customer at ease, determine the Customer s level of expertise and determine Customer needsAnswering questions about merchandise knowledge for the Customer s level of expertiseLeading Customers to merchandise that fits their needsChecking aisles to make sure inventory is stacked neatly and out of the way of CustomersPulling items from shelves and transporting to appropriate areasGathering the product mix to fill orders in a timely mannerManeuvering large bundles of merchandise throughout storeCreating space for delivery orders and will calls until they are moved out of the storeNature and Scope:Due to forklifts and other heavy equipment traveling through the store, temporary cracks may appear in the floor, causing an uneven walking surfaceThe warehouse environment can be dusty and noisyDoors are frequently open, causing drafts and interior temperature changesFloors around work area may become slippery during wet weather conditionsMay have to handle merchandise and work with tools with sharp edgesPassing forklifts emit gas fumesTools, supplies and related merchandise may contain hazardous materialsEnvironmental Job Requirements:Environment:Usually in a comfortable environment but with regular exposure to factors causing moderate physicaldiscomfort from such things as dust, fumes or odorsTravel:Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time Must be eighteen years of age or olderMust be legally permitted to work in the United StatesA valid drivers license and proof of insurance is required for driving positionsAdditional Minimum Qualifications:Education Required:The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED Physical Requirements:Must continuously stand or walk or regularly requires lifting/handling/carrying material or equipment of moderate weight (8-20 pounds) Additional Qualifications:Physical Job RequirementsBending, stooping, reaching, twisting, lifting, pushing, pulling and moving items-Requires the ability to move around the store and maneuver merchandise when necessaryResponding to public address system announcements-Requires listening for customer service calls, personal pages and general information announcementsWalking and Standing-Requires moving around the store to assist CustomersIdentifying and reading reports, tickets and UPC labels-Requires recognizing, identifying and using merchandise and necessary reports Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Attention to Detail: Concentrates for an extended period of time; catches errors before completing assignments; maintains high quality standards for his/her work Customer Driven: Provides outstanding customer service (to both internal and external customers); follows through on responsibilities to customers; recovers from any errors made and leaves customer satisfied Gets Things Done: Demonstrates the ability to get results despite a large workload, competing demands and a fast-paced environment Acts with Integrity: Demonstrates responsible and honest behavior in all Home Depot roles
Position Purpose:Associates in store Customer Service/Delivery positions are responsible for ensuring an outstanding customer order fulfillment experience. Direct customer interaction is frequently required for these positions, which are often the first and/or last impression presented to the customer. Whether directing customers to store departments or merchandise, answering customer questions on product order status, or delivering products directly to a customer s home, these positions play a critical role in ensuring the highest level of customer satisfaction. Specific Customer Service/Delivery positions may include: Customer Services Representative, Delivery Driver Associate, Delivery Puller Associate, Delivery/Will Call Coordinator, Door Monitor Associate, and Phone Center Associate.Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:Execute all steps of the order fulfillment process within the storeScheduling/Prioritizing all deliveries for the store and communicating any availability and/or limitations to fellow Associates so that the best possible service is maintained by setting realistic expectationsApproaching and greeting CustomersAsking open-ended questions and expressing interest in projects in order to put the Customer at ease, determine the Customer s level of expertise and determine Customer needsAnswering questions about merchandise knowledge for the Customer s level of expertiseLeading Customers to merchandise that fits their needsChecking aisles to make sure inventory is stacked neatly and out of the way of CustomersPulling items from shelves and transporting to appropriate areasGathering the product mix to fill orders in a timely mannerManeuvering large bundles of merchandise throughout storeCreating space for delivery orders and will calls until they are moved out of the storeNature and Scope:Due to forklifts and other heavy equipment traveling through the store, temporary cracks may appear in the floor, causing an uneven walking surfaceThe warehouse environment can be dusty and noisyDoors are frequently open, causing drafts and interior temperature changesFloors around work area may become slippery during wet weather conditionsMay have to handle merchandise and work with tools with sharp edgesPassing forklifts emit gas fumesTools, supplies and related merchandise may contain hazardous materialsEnvironmental Job Requirements:Environment:Usually in a comfortable environment but with regular exposure to factors causing moderate physicaldiscomfort from such things as dust, fumes or odorsTravel:Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time Must be eighteen years of age or olderMust be legally permitted to work in the United StatesA valid drivers license and proof of insurance is required for driving positionsAdditional Minimum Qualifications:Education Required:The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED Physical Requirements:Must continuously stand or walk or regularly requires lifting/handling/carrying material or equipment of moderate weight (8-20 pounds) Additional Qualifications:Physical Job RequirementsBending, stooping, reaching, twisting, lifting, pushing, pulling and moving items-Requires the ability to move around the store and maneuver merchandise when necessaryResponding to public address system announcements-Requires listening for customer service calls, personal pages and general information announcementsWalking and Standing-Requires moving around the store to assist CustomersIdentifying and reading reports, tickets and UPC labels-Requires recognizing, identifying and using merchandise and necessary reports Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Attention to Detail: Concentrates for an extended period of time; catches errors before completing assignments; maintains high quality standards for his/her work Customer Driven: Provides outstanding customer service (to both internal and external customers); follows through on responsibilities to customers; recovers from any errors made and leaves customer satisfied Gets Things Done: Demonstrates the ability to get results despite a large workload, competing demands and a fast-paced environment Acts with Integrity: Demonstrates responsible and honest behavior in all Home Depot roles
Position Description In a world where cellphones make communication possible anytime and anywhere, it has become a priority for many companies to have their calls answered at all times of the day. Stericycle Communication Solutions, a leader in the call center industry, provides live operator services to assist commercial and healthcare businesses process their telephone calls more effectively and efficiently. Whether it’s a phone call to a plumber about a leak or a call to a physician about a sick baby or an appointment, we are here to help, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. We are currently recruiting for front line customer experience agents to help process inbound and outbound calls in one of our many fast-growing call centers across the U.S. No prior customer service or healthcare experience is necessary; however, we do look for energetic, customer centric, detail-oriented individuals who fit in well with our strong company culture. Various shift options, competitive benefits, including tuition reimbursement and paid time-off, are just some of the things you can expect as an employee at Stericycle. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: - Answer urgent and non-urgent phone calls using computer-telephony integration - Provide information, document interactions, or schedule appointments using predefined scripts and templates - Deliver message content back to clients Position Requirements - Ability to read, write and comprehend the English language - Ability to speak clearly and project good voice tone - Ability to accurately document and present information during phone interactions - Ability to multitask while on the phone - Ability to keep information confidential - Needs to have completed 3 years of high school or the equivalent and be at least 17 years old - Bilingual Spanish a plus *LI We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. May require mandatory immunizations and credentialing based on customer requirements
Company Overview Ocean Spray is a vibrant agricultural cooperative owned by more than 700 cranberry and grapefruit growers in the United States, Canada and Chile who have helped preserve the family farming way of life for generations. Formed in 1930, Ocean Spray is now the world’s leading producer of cranberry juices, juice drinks and dried cranberries and is the best-selling brand in the bottled juice category. The cooperative’s cranberries are currently featured in more than a thousand great-tasting, good-for-you products in over 50 countries worldwide. With more than 2,000 employees and nearly 20 cranberry receiving and processing facilities, Ocean Spray is committed to managing our business in a way that respects our communities, employees and the environment.   Description Ocean Spray's Sales Division is looking for a Customer Development Manager to support our Kroger business based in Cincinnati, OH! Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Identifies and pursues business building opportunities out of a distinct knowledge of customer culture, operating model, and strategic initiatives, for sales growth and mutual benefit of customers and Ocean Spray Cranberries, Inc. Responsible for achieving Merchandising, Assortment, Promotions, & Shelving objectives through direct customer headquarter selling, while providing direction to retail broker resources for attainment of OSC goals within stated deadlines. Engages key customer decision makers and departments including merchandising, category management, supply chain, customer marketing, and the Senior Leadership teams to build credibility, trust, and integrity, for profitable and sustainable growth.  Responsible for collaboration with internal departments such as trade marketing, demand planning, supply chain, customer marketing and IT to successfully build, implement and execute the work plan, for the ultimate success of customer and Ocean Spray Cranberries. Collects and communicates customer, industry, and competitive insights/learning for customer strategy development and recommendation to Sales Director and internal stake holders. Knowledge, Skill, and Ability Requirements: Must have a Bachelor’s Degree. At least 5 years CPG experience with 2 years direct selling experience to Kroger required. Candidate must reside in the greater Cincinnati area Must be willing to travel 25-30% Compensation/Benefits Compensation and benefits are high on everyone's priority list, so it’s high on our list too. That’s why Ocean Spray provides competitive salaries and a wide variety of benefits - including programs that protect your health and welfare, help you prepare for retirement and truly enable you to balance your work and family life. Ocean Spray Cranberries, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, as well as individuals with a disability or any other characteristic protected by law.
Position Description In a world where cellphones make communication possible anytime and anywhere, it has become a priority for many companies to have their calls answered at all times of the day. Stericycle Communication Solutions, a leader in the call center industry, provides live operator services to assist commercial and healthcare businesses process their telephone calls more effectively and efficiently. Whether it’s a phone call to a plumber about a leak or a call to a physician about a sick baby or an appointment, we are here to help, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. We are currently recruiting for front line customer experience agents to help process inbound and outbound calls in one of our many fast-growing call centers across the U.S. No prior customer service or healthcare experience is necessary; however, we do look for energetic, customer centric, detail-oriented individuals who fit in well with our strong company culture. Various shift options, competitive benefits, including tuition reimbursement and paid time-off, are just some of the things you can expect as an employee at Stericycle. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: - Answer urgent and non-urgent phone calls using computer-telephony integration - Provide information, document interactions, or schedule appointments using predefined scripts and templates - Deliver message content back to clients***Salary 10.15-13.00/hr*** Based on education and experience Position Requirements - Ability to read, write and comprehend the English language - Ability to speak clearly and project good voice tone - Ability to accurately document and present information during phone interactions - Ability to multitask while on the phone - Ability to keep information confidential - Needs to have completed 3 years of high school or the equivalent and be at least 17 years old - Bilingual Spanish a plus *LI We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. May require mandatory immunizations and credentialing based on customer requirements
Job Description:This Customer Care Rep Position Features:? Fun Work Environment? Great Pay? Room For Growth? Great PayImmediate need for customer care rep seeking fun work environment, great pay and room for growth. Call center experience, flexible schedule and team player will be keys to success in this well-known, dynamic, family-oriented organization. Will be responsible for researching customers information, gathering demographic information and updating it and answering inbound calls. Apply for this great position as a customer care rep today! We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status.Job Experience:,,Years of Experience Required:
Position Purpose:Associates in store Customer Service/Delivery positions are responsible for ensuring an outstanding customer order fulfillment experience. Direct customer interaction is frequently required for these positions, which are often the first and/or last impression presented to the customer. Whether directing customers to store departments or merchandise, answering customer questions on product order status, or delivering products directly to a customer s home, these positions play a critical role in ensuring the highest level of customer satisfaction. Specific Customer Service/Delivery positions may include: Customer Services Representative, Delivery Driver Associate, Delivery Puller Associate, Delivery/Will Call Coordinator, Door Monitor Associate, and Phone Center Associate.Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:Execute all steps of the order fulfillment process within the storeScheduling/Prioritizing all deliveries for the store and communicating any availability and/or limitations to fellow Associates so that the best possible service is maintained by setting realistic expectationsApproaching and greeting CustomersAsking open-ended questions and expressing interest in projects in order to put the Customer at ease, determine the Customer s level of expertise and determine Customer needsAnswering questions about merchandise knowledge for the Customer s level of expertiseLeading Customers to merchandise that fits their needsChecking aisles to make sure inventory is stacked neatly and out of the way of CustomersPulling items from shelves and transporting to appropriate areasGathering the product mix to fill orders in a timely mannerManeuvering large bundles of merchandise throughout storeCreating space for delivery orders and will calls until they are moved out of the storeNature and Scope:Due to forklifts and other heavy equipment traveling through the store, temporary cracks may appear in the floor, causing an uneven walking surfaceThe warehouse environment can be dusty and noisyDoors are frequently open, causing drafts and interior temperature changesFloors around work area may become slippery during wet weather conditionsMay have to handle merchandise and work with tools with sharp edgesPassing forklifts emit gas fumesTools, supplies and related merchandise may contain hazardous materialsEnvironmental Job Requirements:Environment:Usually in a comfortable environment but with regular exposure to factors causing moderate physicaldiscomfort from such things as dust, fumes or odorsTravel:Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time Must be eighteen years of age or olderMust be legally permitted to work in the United StatesA valid drivers license and proof of insurance is required for driving positionsAdditional Minimum Qualifications:Education Required:The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED Physical Requirements:Must continuously stand or walk or regularly requires lifting/handling/carrying material or equipment of moderate weight (8-20 pounds) Additional Qualifications:Physical Job RequirementsBending, stooping, reaching, twisting, lifting, pushing, pulling and moving items-Requires the ability to move around the store and maneuver merchandise when necessaryResponding to public address system announcements-Requires listening for customer service calls, personal pages and general information announcementsWalking and Standing-Requires moving around the store to assist CustomersIdentifying and reading reports, tickets and UPC labels-Requires recognizing, identifying and using merchandise and necessary reports Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Attention to Detail: Concentrates for an extended period of time; catches errors before completing assignments; maintains high quality standards for his/her work Customer Driven: Provides outstanding customer service (to both internal and external customers); follows through on responsibilities to customers; recovers from any errors made and leaves customer satisfied Gets Things Done: Demonstrates the ability to get results despite a large workload, competing demands and a fast-paced environment Acts with Integrity: Demonstrates responsible and honest behavior in all Home Depot roles
Position Description In a world where cellphones make communication possible anytime and anywhere, it has become a priority for many companies to have their calls answered at all times of the day. Stericycle Communication Solutions, a leader in the call center industry, provides live operator services to assist commercial and healthcare businesses process their telephone calls more effectively and efficiently. Whether it’s a phone call to a plumber about a leak or a call to a physician about a sick baby or an appointment, we are here to help, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. We are currently recruiting for front line customer experience agents to help process inbound and outbound calls in one of our many fast-growing call centers across the U.S. No prior customer service or healthcare experience is necessary; however, we do look for energetic, customer centric, detail-oriented individuals who fit in well with our strong company culture. Various shift options, competitive benefits, including tuition reimbursement and paid time-off, are just some of the things you can expect as an employee at Stericycle. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: - Answer urgent and non-urgent phone calls using computer-telephony integration - Provide information, document interactions, or schedule appointments using predefined scripts and templates - Deliver message content back to clients***Salary 10.15-13.00/hr*** Depending on education and experience Position Requirements - Ability to read, write and comprehend the English language - Ability to speak clearly and project good voice tone - Ability to accurately document and present information during phone interactions - Ability to multitask while on the phone - Ability to keep information confidential - Needs to have completed 3 years of high school or the equivalent and be at least 17 years old - Bilingual Spanish a plus *LI We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. May require mandatory immunizations and credentialing based on customer requirements
Position Purpose:Associates in store Customer Service/Delivery positions are responsible for ensuring an outstanding customer order fulfillment experience. Direct customer interaction is frequently required for these positions, which are often the first and/or last impression presented to the customer. Whether directing customers to store departments or merchandise, answering customer questions on product order status, or delivering products directly to a customer s home, these positions play a critical role in ensuring the highest level of customer satisfaction. Specific Customer Service/Delivery positions may include: Customer Services Representative, Delivery Driver Associate, Delivery Puller Associate, Delivery/Will Call Coordinator, Door Monitor Associate, and Phone Center Associate.Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:Execute all steps of the order fulfillment process within the storeScheduling/Prioritizing all deliveries for the store and communicating any availability and/or limitations to fellow Associates so that the best possible service is maintained by setting realistic expectationsApproaching and greeting CustomersAsking open-ended questions and expressing interest in projects in order to put the Customer at ease, determine the Customer s level of expertise and determine Customer needsAnswering questions about merchandise knowledge for the Customer s level of expertiseLeading Customers to merchandise that fits their needsChecking aisles to make sure inventory is stacked neatly and out of the way of CustomersPulling items from shelves and transporting to appropriate areasGathering the product mix to fill orders in a timely mannerManeuvering large bundles of merchandise throughout storeCreating space for delivery orders and will calls until they are moved out of the storeNature and Scope:Due to forklifts and other heavy equipment traveling through the store, temporary cracks may appear in the floor, causing an uneven walking surfaceThe warehouse environment can be dusty and noisyDoors are frequently open, causing drafts and interior temperature changesFloors around work area may become slippery during wet weather conditionsMay have to handle merchandise and work with tools with sharp edgesPassing forklifts emit gas fumesTools, supplies and related merchandise may contain hazardous materialsEnvironmental Job Requirements:Environment:Usually in a comfortable environment but with regular exposure to factors causing moderate physicaldiscomfort from such things as dust, fumes or odorsTravel:Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time Must be eighteen years of age or olderMust be legally permitted to work in the United StatesA valid drivers license and proof of insurance is required for driving positionsAdditional Minimum Qualifications:Education Required:The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED Physical Requirements:Must continuously stand or walk or regularly requires lifting/handling/carrying material or equipment of moderate weight (8-20 pounds) Additional Qualifications:Physical Job RequirementsBending, stooping, reaching, twisting, lifting, pushing, pulling and moving items-Requires the ability to move around the store and maneuver merchandise when necessaryResponding to public address system announcements-Requires listening for customer service calls, personal pages and general information announcementsWalking and Standing-Requires moving around the store to assist CustomersIdentifying and reading reports, tickets and UPC labels-Requires recognizing, identifying and using merchandise and necessary reports Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Attention to Detail: Concentrates for an extended period of time; catches errors before completing assignments; maintains high quality standards for his/her work Customer Driven: Provides outstanding customer service (to both internal and external customers); follows through on responsibilities to customers; recovers from any errors made and leaves customer satisfied Gets Things Done: Demonstrates the ability to get results despite a large workload, competing demands and a fast-paced environment Acts with Integrity: Demonstrates responsible and honest behavior in all Home Depot roles
Position Description In a world where cellphones make communication possible anytime and anywhere, it has become a priority for many companies to have their calls answered at all times of the day. Stericycle Communication Solutions, a leader in the call center industry, provides live operator services to assist commercial and healthcare businesses process their telephone calls more effectively and efficiently. Whether it’s a phone call to a plumber about a leak or a call to a physician about a sick baby or an appointment, we are here to help, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.We are currently recruiting for front line customer experience agents to help process inbound and outbound calls in one of our many fast-growing call centers across the U.S. No prior customer service or healthcare experience is necessary; however, we do look for energetic, customer centric, detail-oriented individuals who fit in well with our strong company culture. Various shift options, competitive benefits, including tuition reimbursement and paid time-off, are just some of the things you can expect as an employee at Stericycle.Essential Duties & Responsibilities:- Answer urgent and non-urgent phone calls using computer-telephony integration- Provide information, document interactions, or schedule appointments using predefined scripts and templates- Deliver message content back to clients Position Requirements - Ability to read, write and comprehend the English language- Ability to speak clearly and project good voice tone- Ability to accurately document and present information during phone interactions- Ability to multitask while on the phone- Ability to keep information confidential- Needs to have completed 3 years of high school or the equivalent and be at least 17 years old- Bilingual Spanish a plus *LI We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. May require mandatory immunizations and credentialing based on customer requirements
Position Purpose:Associates in store Customer Service/Delivery positions are responsible for ensuring an outstanding customer order fulfillment experience. Direct customer interaction is frequently required for these positions, which are often the first and/or last impression presented to the customer. Whether directing customers to store departments or merchandise, answering customer questions on product order status, or delivering products directly to a customer s home, these positions play a critical role in ensuring the highest level of customer satisfaction. Specific Customer Service/Delivery positions may include: Customer Services Representative, Delivery Driver Associate, Delivery Puller Associate, Delivery/Will Call Coordinator, Door Monitor Associate, and Phone Center Associate.Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:Execute all steps of the order fulfillment process within the storeScheduling/Prioritizing all deliveries for the store and communicating any availability and/or limitations to fellow Associates so that the best possible service is maintained by setting realistic expectationsApproaching and greeting CustomersAsking open-ended questions and expressing interest in projects in order to put the Customer at ease, determine the Customer s level of expertise and determine Customer needsAnswering questions about merchandise knowledge for the Customer s level of expertiseLeading Customers to merchandise that fits their needsChecking aisles to make sure inventory is stacked neatly and out of the way of CustomersPulling items from shelves and transporting to appropriate areasGathering the product mix to fill orders in a timely mannerManeuvering large bundles of merchandise throughout storeCreating space for delivery orders and will calls until they are moved out of the storeNature and Scope:Due to forklifts and other heavy equipment traveling through the store, temporary cracks may appear in the floor, causing an uneven walking surfaceThe warehouse environment can be dusty and noisyDoors are frequently open, causing drafts and interior temperature changesFloors around work area may become slippery during wet weather conditionsMay have to handle merchandise and work with tools with sharp edgesPassing forklifts emit gas fumesTools, supplies and related merchandise may contain hazardous materialsEnvironmental Job Requirements:Environment:Usually in a comfortable environment but with regular exposure to factors causing moderate physicaldiscomfort from such things as dust, fumes or odorsTravel:Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time Must be eighteen years of age or olderMust be legally permitted to work in the United StatesA valid drivers license and proof of insurance is required for driving positionsAdditional Minimum Qualifications:Education Required:The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED Physical Requirements:Must continuously stand or walk or regularly requires lifting/handling/carrying material or equipment of moderate weight (8-20 pounds) Additional Qualifications:Physical Job RequirementsBending, stooping, reaching, twisting, lifting, pushing, pulling and moving items-Requires the ability to move around the store and maneuver merchandise when necessaryResponding to public address system announcements-Requires listening for customer service calls, personal pages and general information announcementsWalking and Standing-Requires moving around the store to assist CustomersIdentifying and reading reports, tickets and UPC labels-Requires recognizing, identifying and using merchandise and necessary reports Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Attention to Detail: Concentrates for an extended period of time; catches errors before completing assignments; maintains high quality standards for his/her work Customer Driven: Provides outstanding customer service (to both internal and external customers); follows through on responsibilities to customers; recovers from any errors made and leaves customer satisfied Gets Things Done: Demonstrates the ability to get results despite a large workload, competing demands and a fast-paced environment Acts with Integrity: Demonstrates responsible and honest behavior in all Home Depot roles
Job Description:Great career opportunities at Fresno/AppleOne. We are recruiting for a local well known company, seeking top-notch payroll professionals. The company is currently recruiting for a Payroll Tax Specialist and Customer Service Rep. with payroll experience. These payroll professionals will provide support to business groups and assist with prep and completion of payroll and quarterly payroll reports. These positions will require strong knowledge of payroll for the CSR and payroll and payroll tax filing, preparation of amended 941/943 returns, quarterly & annual reconciliation of tax payments and returns, electronic file uploads to state agencies, filing for the Payroll Tax Specialist position. The ideal candidates must have the ability to meet deadlines & work with accuracy under volume pressure, excellent analytical, mathematical & organizational skills. Candidates with 3-5 plus years of outstanding payroll experience can forward their resume to the Fresno AppleOne office or apply at appleone.com, attention Mike Marmolejo. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status.Job Experience:Candidates with 3-5 plus years of outstanding payroll and payroll tax experience.Years of Experience Required:
TruGreen is committed to providing personalized attention for our associates. We focus on developing our people by building proud, dynamic teams while helping associates reach their personal and professional goals. We continuously strive to make TruGreen an employer of choice and "a great place to work!"We're seeking an Commercial Account Specialist. If you set high standards for Excellence, Integrity and Customer Service this may be the position for you.  Apply now and learn more about opportunities with TruGreen.Responsibilities• Places telephone calls to handle all aspects of commercial customer accounts.• Maintains customer database through accurate and timely data entry.• Answers inquiries, resolves problems, promotes and sells products/services.• Provides first line administrative support and coordination of commercial account activities for Business Development Reps.• Creates and reviews commercial service agreements.• Follow up on commercial customers during renewal.• Facilitates commercial growth through outbound calls to customers and prospects • Contact customers regarding outstanding balances on commercial accounts.Education and Experience Requirements• High school diploma/GED required. Associate’s degree preferred.• 2-3 years of customer service experience required• Experience resolving escalated customer service issues required• Computer skills with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint)TruGreen is committed to Diversity and Inclusion.  We encourage diverse candidates to apply to this position.To learn more copy and paste this URL into your browser: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdfAn Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer – EOE of Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabilityjob code:  100760TruGreen performs pre-employment testing.
Job Description:Great career opportunities at Fresno/AppleOne. We are recruiting for a local well known company, seeking top-notch payroll professionals. The company is currently recruiting for a Payroll Tax Specialist and Customer Service Rep. with payroll experience. These payroll professionals will provide support to business groups and assist with prep and completion of payroll and quarterly payroll reports. These positions will require strong knowledge of payroll for the CSR and payroll and payroll tax filing, preparation of amended 941/943 returns, quarterly & annual reconciliation of tax payments and returns, electronic file uploads to state agencies, filing for the Payroll Tax Specialist position. The ideal candidates must have the ability to meet deadlines & work with accuracy under volume pressure, excellent analytical, mathematical & organizational skills. Candidates with 3-5 plus years of outstanding payroll experience can forward their resume to the Fresno AppleOne office or apply at appleone.com, attention Mike Marmolejo. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status.Job Experience:Candidates with 3-5 plus years of outstanding payroll and payroll tax experience.Years of Experience Required:
Job Description:Great career opportunities at Fresno/AppleOne. We are recruiting for a local well known company, seeking top-notch payroll professionals. The company is currently recruiting for a Payroll Tax Specialist and Customer Service Rep. with payroll experience. These payroll professionals will provide support to business groups and assist with prep and completion of payroll and quarterly payroll reports. These positions will require strong knowledge of payroll for the CSR and payroll and payroll tax filing, preparation of amended 941/943 returns, quarterly & annual reconciliation of tax payments and returns, electronic file uploads to state agencies, filing for the Payroll Tax Specialist position. The ideal candidates must have the ability to meet deadlines & work with accuracy under volume pressure, excellent analytical, mathematical & organizational skills. Candidates with 3-5 plus years of outstanding payroll experience can forward their resume to the Fresno AppleOne office or apply at appleone.com, attention Mike Marmolejo. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status.Job Experience:Candidates with 3-5 plus years of outstanding payroll and payroll tax experience.Years of Experience Required:
Job Description:Great career opportunities at Fresno/AppleOne. We are recruiting for a local well known company, seeking top-notch payroll professionals. The company is currently recruiting for a Payroll Tax Specialist and Customer Service Rep. with payroll experience. These payroll professionals will provide support to business groups and assist with prep and completion of payroll and quarterly payroll reports. These positions will require strong knowledge of payroll for the CSR and payroll and payroll tax filing, preparation of amended 941/943 returns, quarterly & annual reconciliation of tax payments and returns, electronic file uploads to state agencies, filing for the Payroll Tax Specialist position. The ideal candidates must have the ability to meet deadlines & work with accuracy under volume pressure, excellent analytical, mathematical & organizational skills. Candidates with 3-5 plus years of outstanding payroll experience can forward their resume to the Fresno AppleOne office or apply at appleone.com, attention Mike Marmolejo. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status.Job Experience:Candidates with 3-5 plus years of outstanding payroll and payroll tax experience.Years of Experience Required:
Agfa HealthCare Corporation has an exciting opportunity for an CustomerSupport Engineer.     The main focus of this role is to provide expert on-site and remote support for multiple Agfa software products on mission critical products and systems in the healthcare environment.  Support provided is a problem solving approach with a blend of customer service, technical expertise and the understanding of the customer’s system expectations.   The incumbent is considered a global subject-matter expert and can independently combine strong technical skills relevant to the focus areas, advanced communication skills and strong knowledge of production processes to facilitate highly complex customer issues.  In order to succeed, the incumbent derives a strong motivation from facilitation of long-term improvements of a broad scope.  Ability to work outside normal hours.   This position may be based out of the following location(s) and surrounding area:   Dallas, Texas Agfa HealthCare Corporation has an exciting opportunity for an CustomerSupport Engineer.     The main focus of this role is to provide expert on-site and remote support for multiple Agfa software products on mission critical products and systems in the healthcare environment.  Support provided is a problem solving approach with a blend of customer service, technical expertise and the understanding of the customer’s system expectations.   The incumbent is considered a global subject-matter expert and can independently combine strong technical skills relevant to the focus areas, advanced communication skills and strong knowledge of production processes to facilitate highly complex customer issues.  In order to succeed, the incumbent derives a strong motivation from facilitation of long-term improvements of a broad scope.  Ability to work outside normal hours.   This position may be based out of the following location(s) and surrounding area:   Dallas, Texas Installation, remedial and preventive maintenance of Agfa and other OEM products trained on. Review of basic equipment operational function with the customer to meet training obligations during installations. Perform system administration as required.       Provides immediate response and prompt resolution to hardware and software problems to ensure customer uptime and satisfaction. Develops solutions for technical problems by interfacing with hospital systems IT systems administrators, end user personnel and outside vendors and support teams. Insures maximum uptime, performance and efficiency of all Agfa systems. Installs software, hardware and executes performance analysis as needed. Defines problems, verifies defects in system, then applies fix, circumvention, or other probable reconciliatory techniques. Escalations: Initiate and follow all issues escalation processes and to keep the customer and management informed as to the status of the escalation. Document all service activities on a daily basis and maintains customer issues lists. Negotiate satisfactory resolution to end-users at multiple levels (technicians, radiologists, physicists, and all levels of management). Develop a close working relationship with the customer to provide assistance and guidance towards developing an action plan for additional AGFA sales (Service Maintenance Agreements, Upgrades, Professional Services, or new equipment Installation, remedial and preventive maintenance of Agfa and other OEM products trained on. Review of basic equipment operational function with the customer to meet training obligations during installations. Perform system administration as required.       Provides immediate response and prompt resolution to hardware and software problems to ensure customer uptime and satisfaction. Develops solutions for technical problems by interfacing with hospital systems IT systems administrators, end user personnel and outside vendors and support teams. Insures maximum uptime, performance and efficiency of all Agfa systems. Installs software, hardware and executes performance analysis as needed. Defines problems, verifies defects in system, then applies fix, circumvention, or other probable reconciliatory techniques. Escalations: Initiate and follow all issues escalation processes and to keep the customer and management informed as to the status of the escalation. Document all service activities on a daily basis and maintains customer issues lists. Negotiate satisfactory resolution to end-users at multiple levels (technicians, radiologists, physicists, and all levels of management). Develop a close working relationship with the customer to provide assistance and guidance towards developing an action plan for additional AGFA sales (Service Maintenance Agreements, Upgrades, Professional Services, or new equipment Education   Bachelors Degree in a technology field or an equivalent combination of education and relevant healthcare IT experience.  MCSE, Network +, and CIIP Certifications are also a plus.     Experience Five or more years previous work experience in a technical customer support role working with mission critical IT systems. PACS, RIS, HIS, and EMR experience is highly desired. Experiences with electronic and electromechanical systems are also required.   Specific skills   Good working knowledge of networking and operating systems (UNIX and Windows), databases (Oracle and SQL), remote connectivity, security and digital medical image processing.   Previous knowledge of Agfa software or similar industry PACS, HIS, RIS or EMR products, hospital workflow and a demonstrated capability to learn cutting edge new technologies. Excellent computer skills including MS Office, Lotus Notes and Internet based knowledge management systems. Excellent oral, written and interpersonal communications skills. Proven organizational and time management skills. Demonstrated experience adapting to change and managing priorities. Strong customer service skills in interacting with both internal and external customers. Previous experience working in a global environment (networking and building relationships with individuals in remote locations and virtual teams). Excellent understanding of the technical services business, product launch process and healthcare environment. Must be eligible to travel overnight both within the US and Canada. Experience with and understanding of HL7 and DICOM. Must be eligible to apply for customer initiated security clearances such as the US National Agency Check (NAC). We offer a rewarding career in a field that impacts lives, the opportunity to work with a talented, committed team of individuals, training and career development programs, and a competitive compensation and benefits package. If you want to be part of this experience, we'll take you there.   Learn more about Agfa HealthCare and follow us on Twitter.   Agfa HealthCare Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities/Women/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans. #LIPOST
SIGNET JEWELERS   ZALE JEWELERS Irving,TX   Customer Service Reps Bilingual (English / Spanish)  and  English Only  Positions Available - Contact Center   Overview Immediate openings for Customer Service Reps in our Contact Center with English only or bi-lingual English/Spanish language skills.  In this key role, you will provide a differentiated customer experience to Signet Guests and/or Store Team Members. You will handle  customer inquiries, issues and compliments with focus on providing resolution on the first contact. Calls are primarily inbound from our retail store guests and our store personnel.  Pay Rate          Starting at $14.50 an hour + bilingual pay Schedule Hours:              11:00 a.m.  – 8:00 p.m. shift is immediately available Work days:       Monday thru Saturday and with one of these days off: Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday OR Friday (days off will not be consecutive).                         Flexibility to work other schedules, based on needs of the business   Closed:             We are closed Sundays.   Essential Job Functions/Accountabilities include the following Handle telephone calls and emails at this time, with future work to include calls, chat, email, Social Media and/or other contact types as assigned. Respond to general inquiries and resolving concerns; communicate information in a language and at a level that can be readily understood by each customer. De-escalate problem calls and try to resolve before escalating calls as appropriate to Internal Help Desk or Supervisor. Create and maintain accurate records on all calls using tracking software during the call.          POSITION REQUIREMENTS To   perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.   The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.   Required   High School/GED required. Excellent communication skills  for both English only and Bi-lingual positions.   If applying for a Bi-lingual position,  must be able to speak and read/write in Spanish/English Minimum 1-2 years total contact center customer service experience with extensive telephone customer interaction in a high-volume, metrics-driven contact center environment Previous experience documenting calls in a case management, ticketing or CRM systems is required.    As reward for your contribution to the company's success, you'll receive a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package with medical/dental/vision, 401(K) plan, tuition assistance and more.
SIGNET JEWELERS ZALE JEWELERS Irving, TX Bi-Lingual Customer Service Rep  (CSR) Bilingual English / Spanish            Contact Center   Overview The Customer Service Consultant II with bi-lingual English/Spanish language skills provides a differentiated customer experience to Signet Guests and/or Store Team Members. You will handle  customer inquiries, issues and compliments with focus on providing resolution on the first contact. Calls are primarily inbound from our retail store guests and our store personnel.    Pay Rate:   Starting at $14.50 an hour + bilingual pay   Schedule:   Hours:              11:00 a.m.  – 8:00 p.m. shift is immediately available Work days:       Monday thru Saturday and with one of these days off: Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday OR Friday (days off will not be consecutive).                          Flexibility to work other schedules, based on needs of the business Closed:             We are closed Sundays.   Essential Job Functions/Accountabilities include the following Handle telephone calls and emails at this time, with future work to include calls, chat, email, Social Media and/or other contact types as assigned. Respond to general inquiries and resolving concerns; communicate information in a language and at a level that can be readily understood by each customer. De-escalate problem calls and try to resolve before escalating calls as appropriate to Internal Help Desk or Supervisor. Create and maintain accurate records on all calls using tracking software during the call.      POSITION REQUIREMENTS  To   perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.   The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Required High School/GED required. Must be Bi-lingual – with ability to speak and read/write  in Spanish/English is required. Minimum 1-2 years total contact center customer service experience with extensive telephone customer interaction in a high-volume, metrics-driven contact center environment Previous experience documenting calls in a case management, ticketing or CRM systems is required.     ABOUT SIGNET JEWELERSSignet Jewelers Limited is the world's largest retailer of diamond jewelry. Signet operates approximately 3,600 stores primarily under the name brands of Kay Jewelers, Zales, Jared, The Galleria Of Jewelry, H. Samuel, Ernest Jones, Peoples and Piercing Pagoda. Further information on Signet is available at www.signetjewelers.com. See also www.kay.com, www.zales.com, www.jared.com, www.hsamuel.co.uk, www.ernestjones.co.uk, www.peoplesjewellers.com and www.pagoda.com. Signet offers exciting career opportunities and look for bright, enthusiastic and performance-driven people to join our team and become an important part of our future. As reward for your contribution to the company's success, you'll receive a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package with medical/dental/vision, 401(K) plan, tuition assistance and more.
Bilingual Korean Speaking Customer Service RepsPay is 15+ an hourHours are 7 AM -5 PMJob Description:  Our Client in Bedford, TX is needing multiple Bilingual Spanish speaking Customer Service Representatives. This position is responsible for scheduling timely and accurate appointments for multiple facilities and physicians offices. It will also include extended periods of time logged into the phones, handling multiple call types and providing excellent customer service while adhering to the company's core values.  Must be able to read, write and speak fluently please!Essential Duties & Responsibilities:Accesses account files, takes information and processes information.Accurately enters alpha and numeric data via computer keyboard into an automated system.Attends recurrent training sessions to ensure the client knowledge is current.Answers incoming telephone calls, responds to customer questions and solves problems according to standardized procedures while maintaining a courteous manner.Asks appropriate questions and gathers information to determine customer needs.Assist training department in development of training documentation and assist where appropriate in internal training.Demonstrate the ability to handle complex situations.Demonstrate the ability to display empathy and compassion.Schedule appointment based on very specific qualifications and requirements.Use critical thinking skills to identify patient needs based on caller’s symptoms.Use keyboarding to enter data into database, timekeeping and quality systems.Communicate effectively and professionally with internal and external contacts in both verbal and written forms.Demonstrate established customer service behaviors and standards by treating all patients, clients and front office personnel with courtesy, dignity, respect and professionalism.Document all call information that pertains to a successful resolution of the call; this includes troubleshooting steps, final problem resolution, or any desired action taken by members of the escalation groups.Demonstrate the ability to multi-task and use critical thinking skills to resolve client and caller issues in an effective and efficient manner.
Position Purpose:Sales associates provide fast, friendly service by actively seeking out customers to assess their needs and provide assistance. Sales associates have an emphasis on department and product knowledge, providing information on product features, and knowing related items to sell an entire project. Associates in this position know how to greet, qualify, recommend and close every customer in their department, and know how to handle basics in adjacent departments. Sales associates maintain the in-stock condition of assigned areas, and ensure that it is clean, shoppable, and safe. Each associate has the responsibility of providing a safe working and shopping environment by following all safety policies & standards, completing specified safety training, immediately correcting hazards & unsafe conditions or reporting conditions to the Manager On Duty, and working safely as not to endanger themselves, co-workers, vendors, or customers. These associates work in cooperation with their Department Supervisor and other associates in their department as well as other sales departments. Specific store departments may include Building Materials, Décor, Electrical, Flooring, Garden, Hardware, Kitchen & Bath, Lumber, Millwork, Paint, Plumbing and Tool Rental. Sales position types may include Department Sales, Lead Generator, Pro Account Sales, Sales Specialist, Special Services, and Customer Order Specialist.Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:Provide fast, friendly serviceActively seek out customers on the racetrack and in the aislesOffer a friendly greeting. Smile, and make eye contact with customersAsk open ended questions about customer's projects in order to determine their needs and level of expertiseShow enthusiasm with the customerWhen necessary, handle several customers at onceThank customers for shopping at The Home DepotFollow up with customers via telephone when appropriateIs knowledgeable about products and services offered by The Home DepotAnswer questions about merchandise for the customer's level of expertiseEscort customers to appropriate merchandise, no matter what departmentDescribe features and benefits of merchandiseExplain the steps needed to complete projects and the products neededAssist customers with special orders and installed salesAcquire beginner product knowledge in adjacent departmentsAcquire knowledge about cutting keys, ropes, blinds, carpet, wood, and mixing paintPromote services offered at the Special Services Desk, Tool Rental, and Pro DeskHas knowledge of other Home Depot companies and how to best recommend themNature and Scope:Due to forklifts and other heavy equipment traveling through the store, temporary cracks may appear in the floor, causing an uneven walking surfaceThe warehouse environment can be dusty and noisyDoors are frequently open, causing drafts and interior temperature changesFloors around work area may become slippery during wet weather conditionsMay have to handle merchandise and work with tools with sharp edgesPassing forklifts emit gas fumesTools, supplies and related merchandise may contain hazardous materialsEnvironmental Job Requirements: Environment: Usually in a comfortable environment but with regular exposure to factors causing moderate physical discomfort from such things as dust, fumes or odors Travel: Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time Must be eighteen years of age or olderMust be legally permitted to work in the United StatesAdditional Minimum Qualifications:Education Required:The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED Physical Requirements:Must continuously stand or walk or regularly requires lifting/handling/carrying material or equipment of moderate weight (8-50 pounds) Additional Qualifications: Physical Job Requirements Bending, stooping, reaching, twisting, lifting, pushing, pulling and moving items - Requires the ability to move around the store and maneuver merchandise when necessary Responding to public address system announcements - Requires listening for customer service calls, personal pages and general information announcements Walking and Standing - Requires moving around the store to assist Customers Identifying and reading reports, tickets and UPC labels - Requires recognizing, identifying and using merchandise and necessary reports 2+ years Retail Sales or Trade experience 2+ years Customer Service experience Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Quality Service Makes customers the first priority, actively seeks out customers, greets all customers, offers assistance Product Knowledge Demonstrates a high level of knowledge of products, services and procedures in assigned area and nearby departments, knows priority SKUs Solutions - Seeks to fully understand the customers needs, provides customer with the best solution even if it involves a markdown, contacts other associates/leaders as needed; until customer s need is met Respect Treats customers in a sincere, appreciative manner and thanks them for their business, minimizes their time in the checkout line, acknowledges waiting customers and thanks for shopping with The Home Depot Project Focus Asks customers about their project and provides appropriate related items and services for total project, sells the whole project Selling Skills - Promotes products and services using Greet-Qualify-Recommend-Close, resolves customers concerns; executes Good, Better, Best strategy
Job Description JOB TITLE:Customer Service Supervisor, Chinese BilingualFLSA:ExemptREPORTS TO:Customer Service ManagerEEO CATEGORY:  GENERAL SUMMARY:Oversees implementation of customer service policies and procedures.   Supervises Customer Service Representatives, Floor Leads, and Coordinators.  Provides information to customers about company products and services.  Act as a liaison between customers and the company to resolve escalated account or service problems. Uses professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a variety of problems.  Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situation or data requires a review of identifiable factors.  Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action.   Normally receives no instruction on routine work, general instructions on new assignments. RESPONSIBILITIES/TASKS:Coordinates schedule changes with managers and company departments.Ensures that customer service personnel maintain a positive, customer focused attitude.Coordinates the assessment of product performance and customer satisfaction with products/services.Oversees the maintenance of customer complaint records and accompanying steps taken to resolve problems.Ensures the efficient utilization of customer service equipment (phones, CRT’s, etc.)Supervises employees directly including selection, training, performance appraisal and work allocation.Performs other duties as assigned or requested. Supervisory:  Supervisor over a section of a department.  EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):Vocational/Technical/Business School or Some College/Associates Degree in Communications preferred. LICENSES OR CERTIFICATIONS:N/A EXPERIENCE:One to three years of experience in a call center, customer service environment. SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE/ABILITIES (SKA) REQUIRED:Good understanding of the company’s business goals, processes, and objectives.Good knowledge of PC software applications (specifically with spreadsheet, database, and e-mail).Good verbal and written communication skills.Good quality improvement skills.Good creative problem solving and decision-making skills.Fluent in speaking, reading and writing Cantonese Chinese at a professional level (fluently in both Cantonese and Mandarin preferred). WORKING CONDITIONS:The work is performed in an office environment; moderate noise. Hazards:The hazards are those only present in a normal office setting.
Customer Service Opportunity in Dallas with Leading National Bank. Initial 1-year contract at $10.63/hr. Job Description: Provides quality customer service and support to customers on a daily basis, including phone interaction, problem resolution and account transaction processing in a timely manner. Under direct supervision, performs less complex operational tasks in a product or functional area, including processing, balancing, settling and servicing all types of security transactions.  Responds to customer inquiries. Investigates and corrects errors in customer accounts and statements.  Responds to customer verbal and/or written inquiries.  Records details about customer inquiries.  Helps resolve complicated customer complaints.  Coordinates and expedites customer inquiries to other departments for resolution. Familiarity with MS Office required. Top 3 skills sought: Excel, Word, Finance.    If you're qualified and interested in the role, apply ASAP! Must have some type of financial experience.
Position Purpose:Sales associates provide fast, friendly service by actively seeking out customers to assess their needs and provide assistance. Sales associates have an emphasis on department and product knowledge, providing information on product features, and knowing related items to sell an entire project. Associates in this position know how to greet, qualify, recommend and close every customer in their department, and know how to handle basics in adjacent departments. Sales associates maintain the in-stock condition of assigned areas, and ensure that it is clean, shoppable, and safe. Each associate has the responsibility of providing a safe working and shopping environment by following all safety policies & standards, completing specified safety training, immediately correcting hazards & unsafe conditions or reporting conditions to the Manager On Duty, and working safely as not to endanger themselves, co-workers, vendors, or customers. These associates work in cooperation with their Department Supervisor and other associates in their department as well as other sales departments. Specific store departments may include Building Materials, Décor, Electrical, Flooring, Garden, Hardware, Kitchen & Bath, Lumber, Millwork, Paint, Plumbing and Tool Rental. Sales position types may include Department Sales, Lead Generator, Pro Account Sales, Sales Specialist, Special Services, and Customer Order Specialist.Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:Provide fast, friendly serviceActively seek out customers on the racetrack and in the aislesOffer a friendly greeting. Smile, and make eye contact with customersAsk open ended questions about customer's projects in order to determine their needs and level of expertiseShow enthusiasm with the customerWhen necessary, handle several customers at onceThank customers for shopping at The Home DepotFollow up with customers via telephone when appropriateIs knowledgeable about products and services offered by The Home DepotAnswer questions about merchandise for the customer's level of expertiseEscort customers to appropriate merchandise, no matter what departmentDescribe features and benefits of merchandiseExplain the steps needed to complete projects and the products neededAssist customers with special orders and installed salesAcquire beginner product knowledge in adjacent departmentsAcquire knowledge about cutting keys, ropes, blinds, carpet, wood, and mixing paintPromote services offered at the Special Services Desk, Tool Rental, and Pro DeskHas knowledge of other Home Depot companies and how to best recommend themNature and Scope:Due to forklifts and other heavy equipment traveling through the store, temporary cracks may appear in the floor, causing an uneven walking surfaceThe warehouse environment can be dusty and noisyDoors are frequently open, causing drafts and interior temperature changesFloors around work area may become slippery during wet weather conditionsMay have to handle merchandise and work with tools with sharp edgesPassing forklifts emit gas fumesTools, supplies and related merchandise may contain hazardous materialsEnvironmental Job Requirements: Environment: Usually in a comfortable environment but with regular exposure to factors causing moderate physical discomfort from such things as dust, fumes or odors Travel: Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time Must be eighteen years of age or olderMust be legally permitted to work in the United StatesAdditional Minimum Qualifications:Education Required:The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED Physical Requirements:Must continuously stand or walk or regularly requires lifting/handling/carrying material or equipment of moderate weight (8-50 pounds) Additional Qualifications: Physical Job Requirements Bending, stooping, reaching, twisting, lifting, pushing, pulling and moving items - Requires the ability to move around the store and maneuver merchandise when necessary Responding to public address system announcements - Requires listening for customer service calls, personal pages and general information announcements Walking and Standing - Requires moving around the store to assist Customers Identifying and reading reports, tickets and UPC labels - Requires recognizing, identifying and using merchandise and necessary reports 2+ years Retail Sales or Trade experience 2+ years Customer Service experience Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Quality Service Makes customers the first priority, actively seeks out customers, greets all customers, offers assistance Product Knowledge Demonstrates a high level of knowledge of products, services and procedures in assigned area and nearby departments, knows priority SKUs Solutions - Seeks to fully understand the customers needs, provides customer with the best solution even if it involves a markdown, contacts other associates/leaders as needed; until customer s need is met Respect Treats customers in a sincere, appreciative manner and thanks them for their business, minimizes their time in the checkout line, acknowledges waiting customers and thanks for shopping with The Home Depot Project Focus Asks customers about their project and provides appropriate related items and services for total project, sells the whole project Selling Skills - Promotes products and services using Greet-Qualify-Recommend-Close, resolves customers concerns; executes Good, Better, Best strategy
Position Purpose:Sales associates provide fast, friendly service by actively seeking out customers to assess their needs and provide assistance. Sales associates have an emphasis on department and product knowledge, providing information on product features, and knowing related items to sell an entire project. Associates in this position know how to greet, qualify, recommend and close every customer in their department, and know how to handle basics in adjacent departments. Sales associates maintain the in-stock condition of assigned areas, and ensure that it is clean, shoppable, and safe. Each associate has the responsibility of providing a safe working and shopping environment by following all safety policies & standards, completing specified safety training, immediately correcting hazards & unsafe conditions or reporting conditions to the Manager On Duty, and working safely as not to endanger themselves, co-workers, vendors, or customers. These associates work in cooperation with their Department Supervisor and other associates in their department as well as other sales departments. Specific store departments may include Building Materials, Décor, Electrical, Flooring, Garden, Hardware, Kitchen & Bath, Lumber, Millwork, Paint, Plumbing and Tool Rental. Sales position types may include Department Sales, Lead Generator, Pro Account Sales, Sales Specialist, Special Services, and Customer Order Specialist.Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:Provide fast, friendly serviceActively seek out customers on the racetrack and in the aislesOffer a friendly greeting. Smile, and make eye contact with customersAsk open ended questions about customer's projects in order to determine their needs and level of expertiseShow enthusiasm with the customerWhen necessary, handle several customers at onceThank customers for shopping at The Home DepotFollow up with customers via telephone when appropriateIs knowledgeable about products and services offered by The Home DepotAnswer questions about merchandise for the customer's level of expertiseEscort customers to appropriate merchandise, no matter what departmentDescribe features and benefits of merchandiseExplain the steps needed to complete projects and the products neededAssist customers with special orders and installed salesAcquire beginner product knowledge in adjacent departmentsAcquire knowledge about cutting keys, ropes, blinds, carpet, wood, and mixing paintPromote services offered at the Special Services Desk, Tool Rental, and Pro DeskHas knowledge of other Home Depot companies and how to best recommend themNature and Scope:Due to forklifts and other heavy equipment traveling through the store, temporary cracks may appear in the floor, causing an uneven walking surfaceThe warehouse environment can be dusty and noisyDoors are frequently open, causing drafts and interior temperature changesFloors around work area may become slippery during wet weather conditionsMay have to handle merchandise and work with tools with sharp edgesPassing forklifts emit gas fumesTools, supplies and related merchandise may contain hazardous materialsEnvironmental Job Requirements: Environment: Usually in a comfortable environment but with regular exposure to factors causing moderate physical discomfort from such things as dust, fumes or odors Travel: Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time Must be eighteen years of age or olderMust be legally permitted to work in the United StatesAdditional Minimum Qualifications:Education Required:The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED Physical Requirements:Must continuously stand or walk or regularly requires lifting/handling/carrying material or equipment of moderate weight (8-50 pounds) Additional Qualifications: Physical Job Requirements Bending, stooping, reaching, twisting, lifting, pushing, pulling and moving items - Requires the ability to move around the store and maneuver merchandise when necessary Responding to public address system announcements - Requires listening for customer service calls, personal pages and general information announcements Walking and Standing - Requires moving around the store to assist Customers Identifying and reading reports, tickets and UPC labels - Requires recognizing, identifying and using merchandise and necessary reports 2+ years Retail Sales or Trade experience 2+ years Customer Service experience Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Quality Service Makes customers the first priority, actively seeks out customers, greets all customers, offers assistance Product Knowledge Demonstrates a high level of knowledge of products, services and procedures in assigned area and nearby departments, knows priority SKUs Solutions - Seeks to fully understand the customers needs, provides customer with the best solution even if it involves a markdown, contacts other associates/leaders as needed; until customer s need is met Respect Treats customers in a sincere, appreciative manner and thanks them for their business, minimizes their time in the checkout line, acknowledges waiting customers and thanks for shopping with The Home Depot Project Focus Asks customers about their project and provides appropriate related items and services for total project, sells the whole project Selling Skills - Promotes products and services using Greet-Qualify-Recommend-Close, resolves customers concerns; executes Good, Better, Best strategy
Job Description:Do you have dynamic Customer Service skills? A fast-paced and growing transportation company in Fresno seeks candidates with excellent customer service skills for a Service Advisor position. This person will be interfacing with truck drivers while providing excellent customer service in dealing with repairs and vehicle issues. Must be able to provide repair estimates, dispatch technicians, quote additional work, and follow-through with customer. Must be very comfortable with computer systems to enter work orders, customer information and payment details. Celebrating over 50 years in staffing expertise! Our Fresno team partners with over 200 local and nationally recognized companies in the Greater Fresno area. For confidential consideration, please send your resume in a Microsoft Word document with a cover letter to Kim Tate, Assistant Branch Manager with Fresno/AppleOne. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status.Job Experience:,, Minimum of 2-5 years of experience preferredYears of Experience Required:
Job Description:A large home appraisal company located in Bloomington, MN is currently in need of Customer Service Representatives to add to their growing team! This is a temp to hire position with the ability to work overtime with pay at $13.70/hour. They currently have full-time and part-time positions available.POSITION SUMMARY Representatives apply customer service and problem solving skills to provide the highest level of service. Attention to detail and appropriate business knowledge is utilized when placing an order, answering inbound phone lines, addressing emails, or providing follow up. Responsibilities may vary as directed by the Team Lead, Assistant Operations Manager, or based on the team responsibilities. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS ? Ensure all appropriate business line procedures and guidelines are followed throughout the life of the order. ? Make outbound phone calls to vendors to obtain order placement, status updates, or provide additional information for appraisal orders. ? Take inbound phone calls from various phone queues, and answer vendors/clients questions and concerns. ? Provide prompt customer service to clients by acting on communications received and resolve issues within orders. ? Document all communications on internal order notes in a compliant manner with Operation?s procedures. ? Ensure all escalations are handled through completion and the client is updated with resolution or status.Requirements:1-2 years of Customer Service experienceAbility to type 35wpmHigh School Diploma or G.E.D. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1075810 Job Experience:,Years of Experience Required:
Telecommunications Customer Service and Sales RepresentativePosition Outline: You will interact directly with customers by offering a total home solution for their TV, High-Speed Internet, and Telephone needs with products and services technologically superior to the competition. This position offers great growth potential, advancement opportunities, and a fun and energetic work environment. Ideal Candidate Description: Redline Consultants represents telecommunications firms in multiple markets across the United States, including the Charlotte area. Our business is growing and we are hiring several people to join our dynamic team. Specifically, we are seeking individuals who are interested in a career opportunity and who would describe themselves as:EnthusiasticOptimisticFriendlyGoal-OrientedTeam-player Further, we are seeking those candidates who firmly believe that "teamwork makes the dream work" and are interested in working in a fun and energetic environment. Company Description: Redline Consultants is committed to excellence, customer satisfaction and holds a deep-rooted belief in helping others become successful. We focus on cultivating a fun and energetic place to work and equipping team members with the career skills necessary for high-achievement. Our skilled and knowledgeable management team has implemented over 50 direct sales and marketing campaigns in premier markets across the country and now we are looking to grow even further in our existing areas. Our management team is professional, well-trained, and highly motivated to hire and train the right candidates.RequirementsApply with us today and experience the benefits! Full TrainingEncouraged self developmentPromotions based on performance, not seniorityProduction/Performance Compensation + IncentivesAverage representative compensation: $500 to $850 a weekAbove average compensation: $1,200+ a week!Our skilled and knowledgeable management team has implemented over 50 direct sales and marketing campaigns in premier markets across the country and are now looking to grow even further in our existing areas. Our management team is professional, well-trained, and highly motivated to hire and train the right candidates. We encourage students, college graduates, and working professionals to apply; however, we've seen the most success with the following experiences: retail sales, outside sales, communications, marketing, advertising, public relations, theatre, management, military, sports management, and athletic experience. If you are eager to take your career to the next level with increased earnings and advancement opportunities, we want to interview you! 
Job Description:Job Description Position Title: Customer Service Representative (CSR) City, State: El Dorado Hills, CASummary: Manage Client Repossession accounts to resolution and to provide clients and repossession agents with 100% Customer Service.Essential Duties and Responsibilities: ?Provide updated account information to the lender.?Manage Queue of 100-400 + accounts?Manage accounts to positive resolution with the repossession agents.?100% Customer Service to the lender and agents.?Assist with updates for absent staffs as assigned at any time.?Special Projects: Pursuant to business needs and Management instructionsMinimum Qualifications: ?Customer service or Industry-related experience?Ability to type a minimum of 30-40 wpm.?Strong written and verbal communication skills; professional presentation.?General computer skills?Ability to multi -taskRequired Education and Work Experience:?Minimum 1-2 years? experience ?High School diploma or equivalent ?Some college level education preferred Work Conditions: ? Usual office working environment Physical Requirements: ? This job requires routine desk and computer work. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1075878 Job Experience:,,Years of Experience Required:
Job Description Job #:  693640Client Services RepresentativeLocation:Oak Ridge, Florida 32809Pay: 13.00 - 14.00 DOE Hours: Requires flexibility between 8 AM and 8 AMScheduled shifts are going to vary and could include: 8-5, 9-6, 10-7 and 11-8Job Summary: Client Services Representatives work with a team of specialists dedicated to one of our manufacturer partners to provide reimbursement support services. Have direct interaction with the manufacturer client to provide case statuses and updates. Key Responsibilities:Ability to work in a fast paced environment, handling both inbound and outbound calls. Must be organized, detail-oriented and able to document cases clearly and accurately in accordance with the program guidelinesGood communication skills are essential, both internal and externalKnowledge of Medicare benefits, enrollments and LIS assistancePlans and organizes work assignments, set priorities and completes work with a minimum of supervisionAdheres to the service policy and principles of the company, as well as the program guidelines set by the departmentParticipates in cross-training to perform all roles within the departmentCommunicates effectively and professionally with our program partners to assure the best possible service for our patients and partnersMinimum (Required) Qualifications: Solid knowledge of prescription drug reimbursement, including insurance plan types, PBM and major medical benefits, prior authorizations and appeals processingAbility to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos.Ability to write simple correspondence.Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization Preferred Qualifications: Associates degree in related field or equivalent experience is requiredMinimum of three (3) years’ work experience in applicant patient areasIf interested in applying please submit your resume to dblathers@apexsystemsinc.com! EEO EmployerApex Systems LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 866-612-2739.
Job Description:Do you have dynamic Customer Service skills? A fast-paced and growing transportation company in Fresno seeks candidates with excellent customer service skills for a Service Advisor position. This person will be interfacing with truck drivers while providing excellent customer service in dealing with repairs and vehicle issues. Must be able to provide repair estimates, dispatch technicians, quote additional work, and follow-through with customer. Must be very comfortable with computer systems to enter work orders, customer information and payment details. Celebrating over 50 years in staffing expertise! Our Fresno team partners with over 200 local and nationally recognized companies in the Greater Fresno area. For confidential consideration, please send your resume in a Microsoft Word document with a cover letter to Kim Tate, Assistant Branch Manager with Fresno/AppleOne. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status.Job Experience:,, Minimum of 2-5 years of experience preferredYears of Experience Required:
Job Description:This Customer Service - Member Services Position Features:? Stable Company? Great Location? Growth Potential? Great Pay to $31KAre you looking to join a great organization that can offer growth opportunities? This organization is seeking call center staff to support their member and customer base. As a Call Center Representative you will provide customer service phone support to internal and external members. The organization is willing to train if you have strong customer support skills and ability to learn products quickly. Responsibilities: You will provide phone support to members about products and services that are provided. Support will be mostly over the phone in a call center setting, but will also require e-mail responses. You must maintain an excellent working knowledge of the products and services provided to members. Qualifications: - 1-2 years of customer-facing, or customer support over the phone and the ability to provide solutions according to member requests. - Good written and verbal communication skills and the ability to troubleshoot customer requests - General knowledge of computer systems If your passion is the provide excellent customer service and to work in a team environment with people like yourself then call today to schedule your interview! We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1075757 Job Experience:,, Customer ServiceYears of Experience Required:
Job Description:Do you have dynamic Customer Service skills? A fast-paced and growing transportation company in Fresno seeks candidates with excellent customer service skills for a Service Advisor position. This person will be interfacing with truck drivers while providing excellent customer service in dealing with repairs and vehicle issues. Must be able to provide repair estimates, dispatch technicians, quote additional work, and follow-through with customer. Must be very comfortable with computer systems to enter work orders, customer information and payment details. Celebrating over 50 years in staffing expertise! Our Fresno team partners with over 200 local and nationally recognized companies in the Greater Fresno area. For confidential consideration, please send your resume in a Microsoft Word document with a cover letter to Kim Tate, Assistant Branch Manager with Fresno/AppleOne. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status.Job Experience:,, Minimum of 2-5 years of experience preferredYears of Experience Required:
Customer Service - Event / Retail Marketing & Advertising Firm Marketing, Sales and Customer Service Representatives needed for New Positions! REPRESENT SOME OF THE LARGEST CLIENTS IN THE NUTRITION, COSMETICS, ELECTRONICS, HAIR AND SKIN CARE INDUSTRIES! Gulf Coast Events, Inc. is an expanding marketing firm based in Houston.  We are planning to expand into 5 additional locations next year.  We work with clients from leading industries across the country with a strong focus in the promotional retail event industry! We have an internal training program where we are looking to create our next generation of branch managers from within. On a daily basis we represent our clients in some of the nation's largest retailers.  We develop dynamic, unique, and progressive marketing and advertising campaigns tailored to clients whose industries include fashion/cosmetics, gourmet foods, audio/entertainment, automotive, and health/wellness.  Our goal is to elevate our clients' brands and to build a consumer base through customer service driven campaigns. Candidates will be trained in:  ENTRY LEVEL MANAGEMENTPROMOTIONAL SALES CUSTOMER SERVICE EVENT MARKETINGPUBLIC RELATIONS RETAIL MERCHANDISING We have positions starting on the entry level and value experience in Retail, Customer Service, Sales, Public Relations, Promotions, and Event Planning. RequirementsDesired Skills and Experience• CUSTOMER SERVICE / PEOPLE SKILLS • POSITIVE ATTITUDE • CAREER MINDEDNO EXPERIENCE IS REQUIRED BUT THE WILLINGNESS TO LEARN IS EXPECTED. THIS IS NOT A TELEMARKETING OR GRAPHIC DESIGN POSITION. We DO NOT participate in any of the following:NO Door to Door SalesNO Business to Business SalesNO Telemarketing  *** We are also currently accepting applications for internships from current college students and graduates *** 
Job Description:Customer Service - Event / Retail Marketing & AdvertisingMarketing, Sales and Customer Service Representatives needed for New Positions!Gate City Marketing Group is a marketing firm, specializing in retail promotions throughout Greensboro and the triad area. We are planning to expand to many locations this year. We work with clients from leading companies across the country with a strong focus in the promotional retail event industry! We have an internal training program where we are looking to create our next generation of branch managers from within.On a daily basis we represent our clients in some of the nation's largest retailers. We develop dynamic, unique, and progressive marketing and advertising campaigns tailored to clients. Our goal is to elevate our clients' brands and to build a consumer base through customer service driven campaigns.Candidates will be trained in:ENTRY LEVEL MANAGEMENTPROMOTIONAL SALESCUSTOMER SERVICEEVENT MARKETINGPUBLIC RELATIONSRETAIL MERCHANDISINGWe have positions starting on the entry level and value experience in Retail, Customer Service, Sales, Public Relations, Promotions, and Event Planning.Job RequirementsEntry Qualifications:1-3 years experience working in marketing, sales, customer service, brand promotions, or retailAdditional knowledge in the field is considered a plus including product positioning, pricing, promotions, market research, sales and distribution ; however full paid training is providedAbility to work some nights and weekends for events and promotionsPassion for events and brand promotionsShould be a proactive self-starter with the ability to work independently. Need strong ability to set priorities, solve problems, and be resourceful under pressure.Outgoing personality and able to interact with a variety of consumersComfortable in a fast paced environment and able to manage multiple projects and campaignsCompensation:Exceptional Earning PotentialGenerous Bonus LevelsIncentivesFull Training & SupportFun Working EnvironmentGreat Advancement OpportunitiesFor IMMEDIATE consideration APPLY NOW!!People from all backgrounds seeking part time or full time opportunities in the following areas are encouraged to inquire about our program: sales, customer service, sales representative, internships, part time, manager, management, purchasing, part time, restaurant, assistant, hotel, supervisor, general, advertising, communications, sales manager, project management, editor, hospitality, professional, bartender, call center, inventory, photography, bilingual, sports, cashier, clerk, distribution, sales management, shipping, waiter, waitress. Apply if you have the following experience: entry level sales, customer service, manager, marketing, student, accounting, entrepreneur, summer job, entry level, sales, marketing, general, retail, restaurant, hospitality, management, administrative, business development, business, internship, advertising, entry level, retail, insurance, education, outside sales, strategy-planning, project manager, part-time, server, summer employment, promotions, pr, customer service, full-time, restaurant, quality control, assistant, secretary, public relations, summer, salesman, hotel, safety, executive assistant, summer work, communications, training, human resources, office manager, media, general, social services, sales manager, pharmaceutical sales, food services, jobs, summer, recruiter, sales, bartender, general business, project management, hospitality, server, collections, bookkeeper, intern, management trainee, purchasing, full time, part time, bilingual, inventory, recruiter, counselor, travel, teaching, trainer, media, professional, trainee, data entry, internship, administration, new graduate, hostess, executive assistant, hostess, sales management, coordinator, cashier, medical sales, distribution, financial, manager, sports, entertainment, international, consultant, real estate, telecommunications, general, retail, business, sports, entertainment, marketing, sports marketing, customer serviceJob SnapshotOther Pay Position offers competitive hourly base + weekly incentivesEmployment Type Full-TimeJob Type Customer Service, Retail, MarketingEducation 2 Year DegreeExperience Up to 5 year(s)Manages Others Not SpecifiedIndustry Retail, Sales - Marketing, AdvertisingRequired Travel Not Specified RequirementsEntry Qualifications:1-3 years experience working in marketing, sales, customer service, brand promotions, or retailAdditional knowledge in the field is considered a plus including product positioning, pricing, promotions, market research, sales and distribution ; however full paid training is providedAbility to work some nights and weekends for events and promotionsPassion for events and brand promotionsShould be a proactive self-starter with the ability to work independently. Need strong ability to set priorities, solve problems, and be resourceful under pressure.Outgoing personality and able to interact with a variety of consumersComfortable in a fast paced environment and able to manage multiple projects and campaigns
If you're sick of interviewing at cookie-cutter cubicle firms and are eager to work with other people as passionate as you are, then read on about the new career opportunities available at Apex.Apex maintains a top notch portfolio of fortune 500 companies. We focus on developing and executing print-based promotions for fashion and cosmetic clients. Our track record of success has resulted in the continued growth of our portfolio, which is why we are filling positions immediately. On a daily basis, we take the time to plan and develop real world business solutions for our clients. This extra planning gives our clients increased customer retention, improved service and product sales, and a never ceasing cycle of data they can use to create new and better services and products.Our account reps must clearly demonstrate the following qualities:***Great interpersonal skills***Leadership experience***Ability to multi-task***Strong work ethic***Ability to work in a high-energy environmentPositions involve face to face promotional sales, marketing and customer service.If you are looking for a 9-5 desk position, this is not the career for you. If you are looking for a dynamic, people-oriented atmosphere that actually enables you to break away from the fluorescent lights from time to time, we could be a match. Unlimited opportunities at Apex are abundant, and most importantly, are based on performance, not just seniority. College graduates, inexperienced professionals and interns are all encouraged to apply. RequirementsJob RequirementsAll of our positions are ENTRY LEVEL starting off so no experience is required. Certain backgrounds and/or experiences are beneficial.
We are a marketing and advertising firm looking for people with potential and an ambitious drive, rather than experience, to aggressively expand in the area. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- We are hiring for ENTRY LEVEL CUSTOMER SERVICE and marketing positions. We have an aggressive expansion plan laid out and are looking to find a person who would love to work in a, fun, competitive, positive-minded environment.  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- What We Do:Our firm is an outsourcing customer acquisition firm. That means our clients hire us to provide a personal touch with customers that they can’t do themselves and don’t trust anyone else to do. Because our personal approach has proved to be so successful, we do not do any telemarketing or direct mail. We also do not do residential sales! We offer a salary or commission with bonuses available. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Who We're Looking For:You must be ENTRY LEVEL.You must possess great people skills.You must demonstrate excellent work ethic.You must have a positive business attitude like the rest of our enthusiastic staff.You must be confident you'll be successful, just waiting for a career opportunity where you can prove yourself.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Why We Are Hiring:Our clients are asking us to bring them more customers. Therefore, our goal is to find someone to help us run our location and help in our expansion efforts. The person we hire will get management training and have unlimited growth opportunity. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Our Management Training Program focuses on the following areas: Sales and Marketing (No telemarketing! No direct mailing! No door-to-door! No commission only pay!)Leadership SkillsEffective Communication TechniquesMarketing Campaign RolesSales StrategiesTeam Management ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Employees with a proven track record will have the opportunity to participate in our Leadership and Management Development Program. PROMOTIONS based upon performance. No Experience Necessary! RequirementsThis is an entry level customer service position. All college graduates are encouraged to apply; however, the following degrees/experiences are the best matches: *Communications**Business administration**Management**Advertising**Marketing**Public Relations**Political Science**Psychology**Military**Sports Management**Athletic Experience* “Connecting Entertainment and Opportunity with a Purpose." 
At American Family Insurance, we're firmly committed to inspiring dreamers and helping them discover, pursue, and protect their dreams. Located throughout our 19 operating states, American Family’s agents serve as local, expert, and trusted advisors to our customers. Our agencies are prospering and always looking for dedicated individuals to join their operations teams. Our agents are seeking Insurance Customer Service Representatives who are licensed in Property and Casualty to join American Family agencies across the U.S. You will receive training and support as you handle a full scope of responsibilities, including customer relations, sales and marketing, and agency office operations. Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Customer Service Representative – Agency Sales Support  Job Responsibilities As an Insurance Sales Assistant, you will provide customer service to existing clients by answering insurance related questions. You will answer questions from prospective customers and will attempt to sell them our products. You will perform basic data entry, including entering leads, pulling motor vehicle and claims reports, entering new applications, and submitting changes on existing policies. Other responsibilities of the Customer Service role include: ·         Coordinating agency prospecting through direct mail, company prospecting program, and Personal Insurance Reviews ·         Understanding products, procedures and best practices for promoting policy growth·         Achieving individual production goals as established by agent ·         Discussing product offerings with current and potential customers ·         Maintaining high customer service standards to attract and retain customers ·         Advising customer of claims and billing policies and procedures as needed ·         Responding to inquiries, issues, and complaints ·         Administering office practices and procedures ·         Maintaining information in the agency's customer database for future follow up ·         Managing agency correspondence as required ·         Continuing to maintain and develop knowledge of American Family products and services·         Supporting efforts to increase agent business  Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Representative – Agency Sales Support  Job Requirements As an Insurance Sales Assistant, you must be highly motivated, organized, positive, and able to work well in a super-fast paced and challenging environment. You must be able to multitask and deal with high volume sales and customer support. Our agents are seeking candidates who thrive in an exciting environment and are always willing and ready to learn something new every day.  Other requirements of the Customer Service role include: ·         High school diploma or equivalent certification·         Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience, a plus·         Must be Licensed in Property & Casualty and Life·         Previous telemarketing, sales, customer service, retail, or related experience·         Prior Insurance Sales and Customer Service experience, a plus·         Bilingual language skills, a plus·         Outstanding sales, business development, and relationship building skills ·         Data entry and typing skills·         Basic Computer skills·         Experience with Windows-based computer applications, a plus·         Ability to learn American Family products, services, and computer systems ·         Acceptable driving record  Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Customer Service Representative – Agency Sales Support  About Us Since our start in 1927, offering auto insurance to farmers in rural communities, American Family Mutual Insurance Company has grown to be one of the nation's largest providers of property/casualty insurance. It's easy for large companies to forget their roots, but we haven't. We've stayed focused on providing personal service, just like our founders. Our caring agents strive hard to meet our customers' unique needs by offering just the right mix of American Family's auto, home, life, umbrella, business, health, and farm & ranch insurance as well as retirement products.  Join an award winning network of opportunity!Apply today! 
At American Family Insurance, we're firmly committed to inspiring dreamers and helping them discover, pursue, and protect their dreams. Located throughout our 19 operating states, American Family’s agents serve as local, expert, and trusted advisors to our customers. Our agencies are prospering and always looking for dedicated individuals to join their operations teams. Our agents are seeking Insurance Customer Service Representatives who are licensed in Property and Casualty to join American Family agencies across the U.S. You will receive training and support as you handle a full scope of responsibilities, including customer relations, sales and marketing, and agency office operations. Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Customer Service Representative – Agency Sales Support  Job Responsibilities As an Insurance Sales Assistant, you will provide customer service to existing clients by answering insurance related questions. You will answer questions from prospective customers and will attempt to sell them our products. You will perform basic data entry, including entering leads, pulling motor vehicle and claims reports, entering new applications, and submitting changes on existing policies. Other responsibilities of the Customer Service role include: ·         Coordinating agency prospecting through direct mail, company prospecting program, and Personal Insurance Reviews ·         Understanding products, procedures and best practices for promoting policy growth·         Achieving individual production goals as established by agent ·         Discussing product offerings with current and potential customers ·         Maintaining high customer service standards to attract and retain customers ·         Advising customer of claims and billing policies and procedures as needed ·         Responding to inquiries, issues, and complaints ·         Administering office practices and procedures ·         Maintaining information in the agency's customer database for future follow up ·         Managing agency correspondence as required ·         Continuing to maintain and develop knowledge of American Family products and services·         Supporting efforts to increase agent business  Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Representative – Agency Sales Support  Job Requirements As an Insurance Sales Assistant, you must be highly motivated, organized, positive, and able to work well in a super-fast paced and challenging environment. You must be able to multitask and deal with high volume sales and customer support. Our agents are seeking candidates who thrive in an exciting environment and are always willing and ready to learn something new every day.  Other requirements of the Customer Service role include: ·         High school diploma or equivalent certification·         Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience, a plus·         Must be Licensed in Property & Casualty·         Willing to obtain Life & Health in order to continue employment with the agency ·         Previous telemarketing, sales, customer service, retail, or related experience ·         Prior Insurance Sales and Customer Service experience, a plus·         Bilingual language skills, a plus·         Outstanding sales, business development, and relationship building skills ·         Data entry and typing skills·         Basic Computer skills·         Experience with Windows-based computer applications, a plus·         Ability to learn American Family products, services, and computer systems ·         Acceptable driving record  Insurance Sales Assistant – Customer Service Agent – Customer Service Representative – Agency Sales Support  About Us Since our start in 1927, offering auto insurance to farmers in rural communities, American Family Mutual Insurance Company has grown to be one of the nation's largest providers of property/casualty insurance. It's easy for large companies to forget their roots, but we haven't. We've stayed focused on providing personal service, just like our founders. Our caring agents strive hard to meet our customers' unique needs by offering just the right mix of American Family's auto, home, life, umbrella, business, health, and farm & ranch insurance as well as retirement products.  Join an award winning network of opportunity!Apply today! 
Assurant Specialty Property is a leading provider of insurance services in partnership with financial institutions, mortgage lenders, manufactured home sellers, auto finance companies, property managers and their customers.  Services include insurance tracking and management, lender-placed homeowners insurance, and property and personal coverage such as renters, farm and flood insurance. With more than 5,000 employees in 11 locations, Assurant Specialty Property serves clients and customers in all 50 states.   Assurant Specialty Property is part of Assurant, a premier provider of specialized insurance products and related services in North America and select worldwide markets. The four key businesses -- Assurant Solutions, Assurant Specialty Property, Assurant Health, and Assurant Employee Benefits -- partner with clients who are leaders in their industries and have built leadership positions in a number of specialty insurance market segments in the U.S. and select worldwide markets.   Assurant, a Fortune 500 company and a member of the S&P 500, is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AIZ. Assurant has approximately $32 billion in assets and $10 billion in annual revenue. Assurant has approximately 14,500 employees worldwide and is headquartered in New York's financial district. http://www.assurant.com/ .   As an Insurance Specialist, you'll use your excellent customer service skills and your problem solving ability to efficiently and effectively respond to incoming customer inquiries and/or concerns in a high call volume environment.  Assurant Specialty Property is looking for an energetic person who will be responsible for providing exceptional front line customer service to our policyholders and clients.  If you are a problem solver and thrive in a fast paced ever changing environment, this is the career for you!   Key Responsibilities: Responding to incoming customer inquiries in a high volume inbound call center environment via telephone or in writing.  This position will receive 70 to 100 calls per day. Supporting processing functions such as issuing insurance policies, certificates, endorsements, and cancellations for clients, customers, and agents. Identifying, analyzing, and resolving customer and client processing problems or errors that include department premium discrepancies and system problems. Communicating with external clients as well as internal departments. This position may be for current or future openings This is a full time position.  Hours of operation are Monday through Saturday from 8:00am to 8:00pm.   Basic Qualifications: 1 year customer service experience in a high call volume environment. High School Diploma or GED Other requirements: Working knowledge of Windows based programs and basic data entry skills. Ability to handle multiple tasks and prioritize. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong time management skills. Ability to adapt easily as procedure/client needs change. Good mathematical skills. Must be able to work Saturdays as needed. Preferred Qualifications:   Property and Casualty knowledge and/or agency experience. Property and Casualty Insurance License. Call center experience. Bilingual (English/Spanish) candidates must be able to speak, read and write effectively in both languages.We offer comprehensive benefits to full time and part time employees including medical, dental, STD, LTD and life insurance, 401(k), pension, generous paid time off and much more.  Assurant is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All aspects of consideration for employment and employment with the Company are governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.   To learn more about our current opportunities and apply online, please visit: http://jobs.assurant.com/ . Follow us on Twitter! http://twitter.com/AssurantCareers (@AssurantCareers)  Additional Information:Travel Percentage: 5%
Looking for a stable company with a family-like atmosphere?  Look no further!Franklin International currently has an opening for a Customer Service Representative.This position is responsible for managing the order fulfillment process from initial order receipt through invoicing. Duties include answering incoming calls from customers and sales reps, processing customer orders in a timely and accurate manner, expediting customer orders, ensuring customer requirements are communicated and met, and investigating customer complaints with regard to order accuracy.  Key Job Tasks:·         Maintains positive rapport with any internal or external, new or existing customer.  ·         Tracks customer orders and deals with any internal and sometimes external problems to achieve delivery.  ·         Verifies calculations when entering pricing or at time of invoicing.·         Researches sales information to monitor customer accounts.  Requirements:·         Experience in complex business to business transactions·         High school diploma/GED and at least 3 years of customer service experience (College degree with CSR experience preferred)·         Strong math, problem solving, computer and communication skills ·         Professional attitude and demeanor while working in a sometimes high-stress environment·         ERP experience is a plus  Company Information:Franklin International is among the largest privately held manufacturers of adhesives and sealants in the United States. We opened in 1935 as the Franklin Glue Company with the first of what would be a long line of adhesive solutions.  Today, Franklin Glue Company is known as Franklin International to reflect our global distribution across 60 countries on six continents around the globe.  At Franklin International, we do more than sell adhesives. We solve technical problems, and our solutions improve quality, enhance safety, accelerate manufacturing cycles, cut delivery times and, on occasion, provide the basis for strategic marketing advantages and new-product categories.
POSITIONThe Assistant Store Manager will be part of an enthusiastic and motivated team of financial service professionals. You will be helping our customers get the cash they need, when they need it, and you will be working in a friendly environment with great opportunities and benefits, where talented employees can get ahead.KEY RESPONSIBILITIESProvide exceptional customer service with every existing and potential customerEducate customers on all product offeringsProcess loan applications and make loansSafeguard and maintain customer recordsMake collection calls on overdue loansOpen and close the storeREQUIREMENTSExceptional customer service attitude3 years previous experience in retail, banking, hospitality, customer service, or collectionsSome computer familiarity or skillsAble to work Monday to SaturdayHigh school diploma / GEDReliable transportation and valid driver’s licenseMust pass credit, MVR (driving record) and criminal background checksPREFERRED QUALIFICATIONSRetail sales experience (e.g., store manager, assistant store manager)Banking experience (e.g., branch manager, assistant branch manager, bank teller)Hospitality experience (e.g., restaurant / hotel / property manager, restaurant / hotel / property assistant manager)Customer service experience (e.g., customer service representative, customer service associate)Collections experience (e.g., collector, collections representative, collections associate)COMPENSATIONHighly competitive pay!Receive up to 12% increase in pay in your first year through scheduled wage increases!Earn up to an additional $750 in performance incentives every month!BENEFITSMedical, dental, visionVoluntary life/ AD&DShort-term & long-term disability401(k) with company matchPaid vacation, holidays, and sick timePaid maternity, paternity, extended medical leave and jury dutyBusiness casual work environmentCorporate discount program on personal cell phone accounts with select providersONE OF THE BEST RETAIL SCHEDULES AVAILABLENo Sundays!Half days on Saturdays!Close early evenings Monday-Friday!ABOUT CASH STORECash Store, a Cottonwood Financial brand, is one of the largest privately held retail consumer finance companies in the consumer finance industry. We have zero debt, have been profitable every year since inception, and our growth is funded entirely through internally generated capital. Founded in 1996, we have company-owned locations across the country. This national brick-and-mortar footprint, coupled with our evolving expansion into the online space, allows us to provide best-in-class customer service and offer an innovative mix of financial products and services to our customers.
Customer Service RepresentativeUp to $20 per hour, based on experienceUline – Shipping Supply Specialists "The people I work with are as passionate as I am.""I came to Uline for a job. Instead, I found a career." Uline is North America's leading distributor of shipping, packaging and industrial supplies. We're a family-owned company known for our incredible customer service and quality products. Our people make the difference.  We're looking for the best and brightest to take our Customer Service and Contact Centers to the next level. If you share in our passion for superior service and have what it takes to make each customer experience rewarding, Uline is the company for you.Uline seeks Customer Service Representatives for its inbound call center at its Dallas Branch in Coppell, TX (5 minutes north of the Dallas / Fort Worth Airport). Join us to experience why Uline has been designated with the Forbes 2015 America’s Best Employers award. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Communicate with customers via phone, email and chat, providing superior quality service and support. Process orders in a fast-paced environment. Provide knowledgeable answers to questions about product, pricing and availability. Help customers navigate our website and place orders online. Work with internal departments to meet customer’s needs. Work with customers to resolve product returns, shipping inquiries and order status questions. Submit quotes for quantity and custom items. Continuously develop and improve product knowledge. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree.1 to 2 years customer service experience preferred.Bilingual a plus - 100% fluent in English / Spanish (read, speak, write). BENEFITS Complete insurance coverage – medical, dental, vision, life.401(k) with company match.Generous paid time off.Tuition reimbursement.3 bonus programs. Please visit www.uline.com/jobs to learn more about our job openings and benefits package. HOW TO APPLY Please click the “APPLY” button to submit your resume for immediate consideration! EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled
No experience necessary / Full-part time *Must be able to multi-task      *Be Self-motivated and fast paced       *Pass Background Check*Provide Great customer service       * Full/Part- time available          *Bi-lingual a plus!!!!! APPLY IN PERSON!!!!234 S Riverfront BlvdDallas Tx 75207
GENERAL DESCRIPTION/PURPOSEA Customer Service Representative (CSR) must be able to oversee 4-6 active communities in the east Dallas area.  Position will evaluate and complete warranty service claims, schedule subcontractors, and build relationships with homeowners.  The CSR will facilitate repairs and maintain all model homes within assigned communities, manage trade partners and ensure work takes place on the scheduled date.  Will meet with homeowners to ensure repairs were completed to their satisfaction ultimately providing high levels of customer service satisfaction.COMPANY GENERAL POLICY AND PROCEDUREThe requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The competence of the employee in performing his or her job duties will be demonstrated, maintained, and improved on an ongoing basis. The statements contained in this position description reflect the general duties considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job as identified, and shall not be considered a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be inherent in the position. Each team member is expected to be in compliance with policies in the employee handbook (located on our company/PEO website). JOB RESPONSIBILITIES (include the following, and other duties may be assigned)Calls customers pertaining to open requestsManages trade partnersMaintains warranty/customer service request logsAttends team meetingsEstablishes working relationship with customersBuilds trust and respect with team members, subcontractors and customers, to maintain a 96% “recommend to a friend” scoreSchedules trade partners in a timely mannerSigns and turns in PO’s weeklyMaintains overall community model homesSchedules all necessary inspections for warranty service and model homesSubmission of notes on all service requests on a weekly basisA positive attitude that reflects the guiding principles of History Maker Homes/Rendition HomesMust have reliable transportation, and be able to travel between communities COMPETENCIESMicrosoft Word 2013 Level 1; Microsoft Excel 2013 Level 1; Microsoft Outlook 2013 Level 1; Microsoft Power Point 2013 Level 1AccountabilityCollaboration/Team WorkCommunicationsContinuous Learning and Self DevelopmentCustomer ServiceEmbraces DifferencesInitiativeProblem Solving with Results-Driven MindsetProfessional Integrity REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONSEducation/ Experience:Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) from four year college or university; or five years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.Licenses, Certifications, Other Requirements:Valid Texas Driver’s License, Personal Insurance Liability Policy with Limits of 100/100/100.  Must pass yearly DMV background check and provide renewal auto insurance certificate.  PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTSThe physical demands in the Job Responsibilities are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. WORK ENVIRONMENTThe work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
Dallas company seeking motivated individuals with strong customer service and administrative  skills.   Job entails taking phone /Internet sales orders, customer/vendor interface and customer account management.  Computer experience required in Microsft Office and ability to learn specific company computer software (ADS).  Job entails learning company products and an automotive and/or machine shop market knowledge/background would be a plus.  Stable work history and must be able to multi-task.   Salary based upon applicable skills and experience.  Benefits available include vacation, S&A, bonus incentives, and medical.  An equal opportunity employer.
SEEKING: CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVEWe have an immediate opening on the Operations team of a growing real estate auction company that conducts business across multiple platforms including investments, lending and the disposition of Bank and Servicer assets. The office is located in Dallas, TX.This position is responsible for answering every incoming call to the company and provide customer service assistance to inquiries, requests, or any issues about the company during business hours with impeccable customer service, providing a professional first impression to all customers.RESPONSIBILITIES:Answer incoming callsResponsible for comprehensive knowledge of Hudson & Marshall’s auction platformEffectively Manage & Route Calls to Appropriate PersonnelAssist buyers/agents with H&M Website functionalities and user issuesAssist with password issuesAssist customers on navigating websiteInform buyers about auctions and the bidding processUpdate buyer profilesCollect registration documents (POF, Articles)Upload documents into RAMS and input information manually into RAMSApproving buyers for auctionsData EntryResolve buyer complaintsPartner with the sales team to exceed customer’s service expectationsREQUIRMENTS:High School Diploma or equivalent required; Bachelor’s degree preferredMinimum 1-2 years of experience in customer service role or related industryStrong customer service and verbal skillsProfessional phone etiquetteBasic skill level with a business phone systemHighly developed sense of integrity and commitment to customer satisfactionDemonstrated passion for excellence with respect to treating and caring for customersAbility to communicate clearly and professionally, both verbally and in writingHas "thick skin" and is able to handle complaints and unpleasant customersHas a pleasant, patient and friendly attitudeAn energetic and dynamic professional with a willingness to learnAbility to work both independently and as a team playerStrong analytical and quantitative skillsAbility to adapt to a rapidly changing business and technology environmentExceptional problem-solving skillsWillingness to work a flexible schedule and occasional overtime when neededMulti-tasking abilitiesStrong interpersonal skills to build strong, cohesive relationshipsThis company offers a tremendous potential for growth from within. Compensation commensurate with experience, plus benefits. Apply today! Please reply to this ad with your resume, references and salary history.
Founded in 1972 as a factory-direct equipment company, today BSN SPORTS is the largest distributor of team sports apparel and equipment in the United States. BSN SPORTS has become the Best Supply Network in Sports through the growth of its core sporting goods business and through the acquisition of leading team dealers since 2004 representing hundreds of years of combined experience. While our birthplace and headquarters are in Dallas, Texas, BSN SPORTS operates in 40 offices and through 400 local sales representatives nationwide.BSN Sports, Inc. is looking for an enthusiastic, energetic professional with a positive attitude to work in our Dallas Corporate office. We are currently seeking an experienced individual to join our team as a Customer Support Representative. Key ResponsibilitiesDuties include following the order process from the Sales Pro from start to finish, order entry, order follow up, and lead follow up.Proven ability to create and maintain rapport with a sales pros. Must possess exceptional multi-tasking skills. Minimum RequirementsExperience with Team Sports and SAP preferred.Strong outgoing personality with a passion for working with an outside sales pro.Must have strong product knowledge with excellent communication and follow up skills.Must be detailed oriented and strong multi-tasking abilitiesMust be proficient in Microsoft Office applications including Excel, Word, and Outlook. We offer a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.  Only resumes with cover letters and salary history will be considered.  Candidates should email resume and salary history to Dallashr@bsnsports.com.  You can also fax resumes to (972) 406-3467.  Relocation assistance will not be offered so only local candidates will be considered.DF/AA/EOE 
Customer Service & Client Relations Associate - Entry Level The Job Window has an exciting opportunity available for a personable and upbeat candidate looking to boost their experience in customer service & client relations as an associate or start their entry level career in the marketing & sales fields! This immediate full time opening for an Entry Level Customer Service & Client Relations Associate, being made available by our client (a trendy and progressive local marketing boutique focused on customer acquisition & customer support) is the perfect opportunity for an individual who possesses a big-picture mentality and is able to help with the expansion of new locations.​  The Entry Level Customer Service & Client Relations Associate must demonstrate unmatched interpersonal skills and be able to become the “face" of the company for the client.​  Restaurant, Retail, and Hospitality professionals particularly excel in this position as they are able to apply a personal touch to all consumer interactions.​  This local firm has developed a reputation for attracting exceptional individuals who are passionate about customer service & client care and who excel in a performance driven environment.​  Those individuals who demonstrate leadership ability in this entry level Customer Service & Client Relations Associate role will also be considered for higher level management positions after an initial evaluation in the first few months.​ We do not expect you to be an expert on day one, but through extensive training, there will be many opportunities to demonstrate your management ability.​ Required Tasks of the Customer Service & Client Relations Associate: Engage with the targeted audience in a professional and welcoming manner and determine qualification statusAlign customer needs with product and service offeringsCreate lead generations for high profile clientsPromote client and service awareness in the fieldProvide exceptional customer support & client care What Makes Our Client Different?​ Our client’s tailored marketing and sales experiences allow them to use a more personal approach to the development and growth of the company.​ This firm’s philosophy emphasizes the importance of leading by example and having a comprehensive understanding of the entire business model.​ Their training program provides exposure to all facets of the campaigns as well as an opportunity for entry level roles to grow into leadership and management positions.​  Finally, the progressive management culture is unlike any other firm, where the development of team members is as important as the customer support services rendered.​  Job Requirements:Our client’s management team search is focused on individuals who are dedicated to consistently driving high standards and achieving customer service, client relations and client care excellence.​ Those who enjoy a small-company-feel, are adept at building relationships, and have a single-minded focus on delivering quality should apply.​ Although limited related experience is required with this entry level position, the following critical attributes are preferred: Above average people & communication skillsExcellent leadership qualities and winning attitude/​great work ethic/​ambition to succeed Some benefits of the Customer Service & Client Relations Associate Position: Comprehensive Paid Training by a National Manager; National and International Travel for Company Events; Opportunity for Community and Charity Involvement; Flexible Scheduling; Numerous Advancement Opportunities  Qualifications of an Customer Service & Client Relations Associate: Experience in customer service, client relations, customer support, client care or retail/​restaurant/​hospitality related fields dealing with the general public is an assetAbility to adapt to a variety of people; Winning attitude and dedication to ensuring customer & client satisfactionAbility to work well within a team environmentTravel to on-site campaign areas will be a role requirement.​ Access to reliable transportation or your own vehicle is recommended  Key Words: Customer Service, Entry Level Customer Service, Entry Level, Entry Level Retail Marketing, Entry Level Marketing, Customer Acquisition, Customer Retention, Customer Service Associate, Customer Service Representative, Customer Support, Client Support, Customer Relations, Client Relations, Marketing, Marketing & Sales Support, In-store marketing, Front Line, Front Line Client Associate, Entry Level Sales, Sales Account Management, Customer Relationship Management, CRM, Customer Service Sales, Full Time Customer Service, Hospitality, Customer Satisfaction, Customer Retention, New Clients, Customer Service Mangement, Retail Customer Service, Entry Level Retail Jobs, Retail Sales, Retail Sales Assistant, Marketing Assistant, Retail Customer Service Support.​
Assurant Specialty Property is a leading provider of insurance services in partnership with financial institutions, mortgage lenders, manufactured home sellers, auto finance companies, property managers and their customers.  Services include insurance tracking and management, lender-placed homeowners insurance, and property and personal coverage such as renters, farm and flood insurance. With more than 5,000 employees in 11 locations, Assurant Specialty Property serves clients and customers in all 50 states.   Assurant Specialty Property is part of Assurant, a premier provider of specialized insurance products and related services in North America and select worldwide markets. The four key businesses -- Assurant Solutions, Assurant Specialty Property, Assurant Health, and Assurant Employee Benefits -- partner with clients who are leaders in their industries and have built leadership positions in a number of specialty insurance market segments in the U.S. and select worldwide markets.   Assurant, a Fortune 500 company and a member of the S&P 500, is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AIZ. Assurant has approximately $32 billion in assets and $10 billion in annual revenue. Assurant has approximately 14,500 employees worldwide and is headquartered in New York's financial district. http://www.assurant.com/ .   As an Insurance Specialist, you'll use your excellent customer service skills and your problem solving ability to efficiently and effectively respond to incoming customer inquiries and/or concerns in a high call volume environment.  Assurant Specialty Property is looking for an energetic person who will be responsible for providing exceptional front line customer service to our policyholders and clients.  If you are a problem solver and thrive in a fast paced ever changing environment, this is the career for you!   Key Responsibilities: Responding to incoming customer inquiries in a high volume inbound call center environment via telephone or in writing.  This position will receive 70 to 100 calls per day. Supporting processing functions such as issuing insurance policies, certificates, endorsements, and cancellations for clients, customers, and agents. Identifying, analyzing, and resolving customer and client processing problems or errors that include department premium discrepancies and system problems. Communicating with external clients as well as internal departments. This position may be for current or future openings This is a full time position.  Hours of operation are Monday through Saturday from 8:00am to 8:00pm.   Basic Qualifications: 1 year customer service experience  High School Diploma or GED Other requirements: Working knowledge of Windows based programs and basic data entry skills. Ability to handle multiple tasks and prioritize. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong time management skills. Ability to adapt easily as procedure/client needs change. Good mathematical skills. Must be able to work Saturdays as needed. Preferred Qualifications:   Property and Casualty knowledge and/or agency experience. Property and Casualty Insurance License. Call center experience. Bilingual (English/Spanish) candidates must be able to speak, read and write effectively in both languages.We offer comprehensive benefits to full time and part time employees including medical, dental, STD, LTD and life insurance, 401(k), pension, generous paid time off and much more.  Assurant is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All aspects of consideration for employment and employment with the Company are governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.   To learn more about our current opportunities and apply online, please visit: http://jobs.assurant.com/ . Follow us on Twitter! http://twitter.com/AssurantCareers (@AssurantCareers)  Additional Information:Travel Percentage: 5%
   Position:Scheduler Job Description: Assist professionals in the financial industry by calling reps, scheduling appointments, and entering meetings into a secure calendaring system.This is a Part-Time employment opportunity, working from home, requiring availability Monday through Friday, during regular business hours.We hire only in the following states:  AZ, CA, CO, FL, GA, ID, IL, IN, KS, MA, MI, MN, MO, NV, NJ, NY, NC, OH, SC, TX.  REQUIRED: Excellent customer service skillsStrong interpersonal skills and communication Ability to maintain confidentiality Strong attention to detail Strong organizational skillsAbility to multitaskPositive phone presence Professionalism High School diploma or equivalentBasic computer skills Proficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Excel, etc) Proficient typing skills (minimum 35 works per minute) Proficient in mapping tools (googlemaps, etc) and determining drive time Home office environment set-up (personal computer running Windows 7 or higher (Macs are not acceptable), high speed internet, router, current anti-virus software, quiet environment) Dual MonitorsSelf-motivation and initiative Teachability and adaptabilityAbility to be a team playerRECOMMENDED: Prior office experience Experience using Act by Sage, Goldmine, Salesforce, Pivotal, or Ciebol  
Position Summary Deliver outstanding customer service by maintaining the highest degree of civility, confidentiality and professionalism. Provide telephone support to customers regarding cancellations, rate negotiations, moves and other customer retention matters. This position is classified as full-time, non-exempt.  Duties, Responsibilities and Requirements     •        Maintain zero wait time for calls in queue. •        Analyze and research customer issues and apply sound business decisions.•         Serve customers while accepting large volumes of inbound phone calls.•        Demonstrate excellent verbal communication skills and the ability to respond to the variety of individual customer needs. •        Handle business dealings involving customer accounts, equipment, issues and payments while maintaining good customer relations. •        Ability to utilize PC Keyboarding efficiently and accurately with proficient data entry skills.  Minimum of 30 wpm.•        Work as a team contributor on all assignments.•        Have or qualify for an alarm monitoring license. •        Flexible, adaptable, and self-motivated in fast paced MAS environment.•        Work is performed in a controlled access environment.  Our Corporate offices are on multiple floors up to and including the 43rd floor.•        Must possess the ability to view and operate computer equipment up to 8 hours daily.   •        Stress levels are moderate in regards to work associated with security, safety, and the nature of emergency responders.•        Work shifts as assigned based on operational needs.   The duties, activities and responsibilities described are not all inclusive of potential requirements for all assignments covered under this job description.   Supervisory Responsibility Individuals must be able to accept supervision and direction from the call center supervisory team.  
Progressive Leasing, a wholly owned subsidiary of Aaron’s Inc., an industry leader with 60 years of proven success, is hiring a full-time, benefit eligible Customer Assistance Representative (“CAR”) in Dallas, TX. In this role, you will play a key role in supporting Progressive Leasing’s Operations Recovery team by ensuring timely pick-up of returned merchandise from customers while providing the highest level of customer service with integrity and respect.  The position is a great opportunity for someone who enjoys working with people in the local community rather than sitting behind a desk. Route pick-ups will occur Monday thru Saturday (Sunday off!) in a company vehicle, therefore delivery and/or sales experience is helpful but we will provide training and place the highest emphasis on exceptional customer service skills. We offer:Excellent compensation; an hourly base wage of $ 12.50 plus bonus and incentive opportunity (up to $800 per month)  Medical, dental and vision insurance 401K Participation with a company match after one year Paid holiday, vacation and personal time off   Cell Phone Reimbursement or company phone General Requirements: The position routinely requires lifting, “dollying”, loading, securing and protecting heavy merchandise Good driving skills and the ability to legally operate a company truck for safe and timely transport ensuring delivery schedule is followed Offload Merchandise Returns and assist with collections support as needed You must maintain a professional appearance and have great communication skills (Bilingual Spanish may be a plus) All drivers must be 21 and have a satisfactory MVR (driving record), D.O.T. physical/certification in states that require it and a valid Driver’s License. All new hires must successfully pass a drug screen and criminal background check (upon offer) Previous warehouse/logistics/laborer/driver experience is helpful Physical Requirements:The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met to safely successfully perform the essential functions of the job; Regularly required to sit or stand, bend, push/pull, climb and reach Regularly lift 25-50 pounds without assistance or push & pull up to 100 lbs. using a dolly and other safety equipment Progressive Leasing is a prestigious innovator that has the financial security and ambition to change an industry! One of the fastest growing companies in Utah, Progressive Leasing was founded in 1999 and has thrived since its inception. Our scalable, customer payment software product provides lease-purchase technology solutions through 16,000+ retail locations in 46 states. On track to surpass $1B in revenue this year, Progressive Leasing is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aaron’s Inc. (NYSE: AAN). Progressive Leasing is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, gender, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, veteran status, disability, citizenship status, marital status, pregnancy or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local employment discrimination laws where Progressive Leasing does business.
Seeking a Customer Service Representative to work at our Dallas location.  Do you enjoy meeting new people and working as part of a team? Are you organized and detail oriented? Then Arizona Tile has just the opportunity for you. Assist retail customers and contractors, both in person and over the phone, to order material and meet their needs.  You will work with customers to select the stone slabs that will become their granite kitchen counter, or any other numerous possibilities.  You will be responsible for using your design skills and product knowledge to educate the customer so that they make satisfying product selections to promote the best buying experience available. Orders are entered via a computer program within a Microsoft Windows environment. Product training is provided. This is a non-commissioned sales position. Requirements:Ability to work flexible hours, including Saturdays2+ years retail sales skills in professional environmentPrior work experience working with tile, stone, granite or slabs.Knowledge of design elements: size, proportion, color, balance and light.Basic computer skills working within Windows environment.High School diploma or equivalentExpectations:Communicate and develop rapport with customersDemonstrate a positive attitude of cooperation and respectExceptional customer service skills with the ability to provide individualized serviceAbility to work independently as well as part of a teamSelf starter who proactively finds solutions to customers’ needsExcellent communication skills including verbal, written and telephoneArizona Tile Benefits offered:Competitive wage, depending on experienceMedical benefitsDental benefitsVision benefitsShort Term and Long Term Disability InsuranceLife Insurance 401(k) Retirement Plan,  with discretionary employer matchPaid Time Off (PTO) accrued bi-weekly: 2 weeks the first year; 3 weeks after 1 year; 4 weeks after 6 years.Employee discount on tile and slabsOn the job training on tile and granite productsCompany is privately owned and operated for over 30 yearsDoes this sound like something you will enjoy?  Then don’t delay, apply now  at www.arizonatile.com to be considered for this exciting opportunity.  Arizona Tile is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Drug Screen required. 
Summary Customer Development Manager   The Customer Development Manager (CDM) is responsible for developing and growing sales volume in assigned territory, markets and regions through effective relationships with store operations personnel at the region and market level. Developing relationships with these higher level decision makers should have a positive impact on all assigned stores within a given region or market.   The CDM works with Retail Supervisors to raise the level of effectiveness across the entire area and region. This may include such opportunities as: planning, working retail with Retail Sales Merchandisers (RSMs), training and developing skills of RSM’s.     Advantage Sales & Marketing, LLC is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer  
We are looking for competitive, sports-minded Individuals with experience in the restaurant, retail, and customer service industries. The right person will love the thrill of a challenge, the excitement of working in a team, and the drive of tackling new advertising campaigns. It's our objective to select a core of 6 new entry level candidates to provide support in developing the marketing department.  Candidates with the ability to think strategically and pro-actively; candidates who possess sports experience as well as excel in a fast, high-pressure environment, have the best chance of succeeding in our organization and growing into a management role. Our edge is the ability to provide measurable results with our marketing efforts directly to our clients.  We believe that as a team there is nothing more important than the growth of our employees.  The future marketing managers of our company are going to be entry level people today that we cultivate into leaders in the advertising industry.  This management growth is needed in response to the acquisition of the National Leader in Satellite Television, home entertainment, and the leader in HDTV to our client portfolio. We DO NOT participate in any of the following:·        NO Door to Door Sales·        NO Business to Business sales·        NO Telemarketing SalesThis is NOT a 100% Commission Job!  All of our entry level marketing and sales positions offer a guaranteed pay rate with opportunities for bonuses and commission. Requirements Our entry level marketing account executives must clearly demonstrate the following qualities:*Great interpersonal skills* *Leadership/ Management experience*  *Sports Mentality* *Strong work ethic* *Ability to work in a high-energy environment* POSITIONS ARE LIMITED! **ONLY APPLICANTS IN THE GREATER COLUMBUS AREA WILL BE CONSIDERED!**APPLY TODAY!Visit OurWEBSITELike us onFACEBOOKFollow us onTWITTERCheck out ourGOOGLE +Connect with us onLINKEDINAll resumes will be reviewed and qualified candidates will be contacted within 24 hours via e-mail.Apply if you have the following experience: entry level sales, customer service, manager, marketing, student, entrepreneur, entry level, sales, marketing, general, retail,  management, administrative, business development, business, internship, advertising, human resources, entry level, retail, outside sales, promotions, pr, customer service, full-time, public relations, salesman, communications, training, media, general, sales manager, sales, general business, project management, hospitality, intern, management trainee, full time, part time, bilingual, inventory, trainer, media, professional, trainee, internship, administration, college graduate, sales management, manager, sports, entertainmentApply if you have a degree of experience in: Business Management - Business - Business Administration - Education - Teaching - Coaching - Communications - Psychology - Criminology - Law - Marketing - Advertising - Entrepreneurship - Management - Hospitality Management - Sales - Public Relations - Human Resources - Business Development We are an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to hiring a diverse workforce. EOE/AA/M/F/D/V 
  P { margin-bottom: 0.08in; direction: ltr; color: rgb(0, 0, 0); }P.western { font-family: "Times New Roman",serif; font-size: 12pt; }P.cjk { font-family: "Arial Unicode MS",sans-serif; font-size: 12pt; }P.ctl { font-family: "Arial Unicode MS",sans-serif; font-size: 12pt; }A:link { }DO YOU LIKE PEOPLE?ARE YOU TIRED OF SITTING ON THE FREEWAY HOURS A DAY?DO YOU ENJOY TALKING ON THE PHONE?DO YOU LIKE WORKING INDEPENDENTLY?If you answered YES to any/all of these questions this may be the perfect job for you!Who We Are: The Public Group is a privately-held company in Utah with employees nationwide. We provide superior software solutions for government agencies (for over 16 years) and possess a firm understanding of the market and the individual agencies and sectors. Our strength and stability are evidenced in our strategic growth, development of new products, and flexibility to adapt to the changing needs of the government.Visit our website www.thepublicgroup.com to learn more about our products/services.What We Do:The Public Group provides web-based solutions to government agencies striving to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of their Surplus, e-Procurement and Contract Management Programs What We Offer:Health insurance and paid time offOpportunity for AdvancementExcellent work/life balanceCompetitive payWork from home – must have a home office free of familial distractions – we provide the computer equipmentIf you need to relocate there is potential to stay with the companyYou get to work with awesome peopleWhat you will be doing: Are you a deep thinker with a knack for problem solving? Are you a go getter who proactively looks for ways to contribute? Do you adapt to difficult situations and devise ways to overcome obstacles?As an Account Support Representative you will work with government agencies/clients to maintain day-to-day communications and relationship management through training, account support, strategic consulting and problem resolution. In addition, you will:- Develop and maintain strong business relationships with new and existing clients- Interface with client contacts and others in a professional, positive and appropriate manner - Apply knowledge of the full range of our system to the agency- Work under general direction, seek assistance as needed and strive for excellence- Work as a team player to achieve support goals and deliver exemplary customer serviceSkills/Requirements:- Balances work load and tasks, communicating effectively to reliably support your clients, ability to prioritize tasks appropriately- Operates with a high degree of independence- Has home office free of familial distraction- Effectively uses computer and internet software packages such as Firefox, Microsoft Word, Excel, and Macintosh.- Demonstrates strong verbal and written communication skills; including teaching clients how to navigate our system(s)- Effectively utilize internal resources to problem solve and ensure client satisfaction- Ability to make calls daily with minimum 3+ hours talk time to support existing clients- Ability to travel occasionally for training, trade shows, etc.- Must have strong internet connection- Must be able to pass a pre-employment Background Check and Drug Screen- Bachelors degreeThe Public Group is an equal employment opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, or any other protected factors.
TeamSupport is a rapidly growing provider of customer support (or “helpdesk”) applications. We are looking for a dynamic and hard working Customer Engagement Specialist to join our growing team. The person we’re looking for will be technically savvy and a self-starter, someone who has an enthusiastic, positive attitude, excellent written and verbal communication skills, has strong attention to detail and above all, a dedicated work ethic. This individual must have a passion for customer satisfaction, be highly organized, have great energy and a drive to help build a successful product. Candidates must be able to work independently, apply excellent judgment based on experience and create solutions as needed for customers. This position will work closely with the sales, marketing and customer support teams. Our hiring process incorporates video interviews. Candidates that are selected for further review will be required to submit video interview responses. Responsibilities will include but are not limited to: -Customer Engagement: successfully develop and guide the delivery of programs designed to engage and deepen customer relationships. -Marketing Automation: execute marketing communication campaigns and to optimize trial customer conversions, onboarding, product adoption, retention, and community engagement. -Automated Training & Onboarding: design and implement a Learning Management System to automate product training and onboarding using in-app messaging, walk-throughs, and documentation. Manage, refine, and iterate this process on an ongoing basis. -Customer Development: manage and optimize product documentation. Work with the sales, support, and product team to build and manage a repository of resources and best practices for customers. -Customer Research and Analysis: guide the organization on how to make smart decisions and continually improve our customer experience through analysis and reporting. You will help us solve key customer engagement challenges: -How can we better understand the customer experience during the sales and onboarding processes? What opportunities are we missing out on to provide the best possible experience? -What are the main opportunities and roadblocks in our customer life cycle? How will you help us identify what those are? -How can we enhance our communication strategy to encourage customer engagement, adoption, and growth? Requirements:-Self-directed, but also excellent with collaboration: You are happy to work independently, but know when to ask for help. You know how to give, and receive, direct feedback. You are a team player and comfortable contributing to projects as well as open to leading projects. You deal well with ambiguity and realize it is an opportunity to test and experiment. -Excellent communicator: You are able to clearly communicate your thoughts, especially in text based communication. You know when a conversation should be in chat, Skype, or face-to-face.-Empathetic: You realize listening is just as important as speaking your mind. You assume good faith of your teammates when there is conflict and are curious about understanding their perspectives. -Comfortable or open to working remotely: The majority of your team will be distributed and you’ll communicate via remote tools: email, chat, video conferencing, etc.-Bachelor’s Degree or higher, preferably in Communications, Business, or Software and a minimum of 2 years relevant work experience (onboarding or customer training), preferably in the SaaS space-2+ years of experience in a customer-facing role like sales, customer service, or customer success. Proven track record of investigating customer challenges and creating sustainable solutions.-Experience working with multiple disciplines and departments to develop strategies and iterate on new marketing ideas. Experience working in the SaaS industry is preferred, but not required.-Proficiency in HTML.-A passion for delivering superior customer support Location: This is currently a virtual/telecommuting position, but it will require frequent visits to the Dallas or Denver office. We will give preference to candidates in either Denver or Dallas. We will evaluate candidates outside of Colorado and Texas on a case by case basis. Compensation: 40-60k salary depending on experience. If you are a quick learner, passionate about customer support and ready to be part of a successful team, apply today!
What The Job Is AboutSales Support Representative position with a company that gives back. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.The Person We’re Looking ForEntry level and senior level applicant as well one who is service-minded and wants to help others, gain experience and earn they money they’re worth.Responsibilities- Support the needs of families in the community- Managing relationships with new and existing customers- Customer service and communicationWhat Qualifies You- High school diploma or equivalent- People-person that likes to help others- Excellent communication skills- Independent-minded & flexibleWho Is American Income?We are American Income Life Insurance Company. We are a significant provider of supplemental insurance and have been helping labor unions, credit unions and associations with their insurance coverage needs. We strive to make a difference in lives of people across the United States, Canada and New Zealand.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at www.ailcareers.com
Customer Service & Client Relations Associate - Entry Level The Job Window has an exciting opportunity available for a personable and upbeat candidate looking to boost their experience in customer service & client relations as an associate or start their entry level career in the marketing & sales fields! This immediate full time opening for an Entry Level Customer Service & Client Relations Associate, being made available by our client (a trendy and progressive local marketing boutique focused on customer acquisition & customer support) is the perfect opportunity for an individual who possesses a big-picture mentality and is able to help with the expansion of new locations.​  The Entry Level Customer Service & Client Relations Associate must demonstrate unmatched interpersonal skills and be able to become the “face" of the company for the client.​  Restaurant, Retail, and Hospitality professionals particularly excel in this position as they are able to apply a personal touch to all consumer interactions.​  This local firm has developed a reputation for attracting exceptional individuals who are passionate about customer service & client care and who excel in a performance driven environment.​  Those individuals who demonstrate leadership ability in this entry level Customer Service & Client Relations Associate role will also be considered for higher level management positions after an initial evaluation in the first few months.​ We do not expect you to be an expert on day one, but through extensive training, there will be many opportunities to demonstrate your management ability.​ Required Tasks of the Customer Service & Client Relations Associate: Engage with the targeted audience in a professional and welcoming manner and determine qualification statusAlign customer needs with product and service offeringsCreate lead generations for high profile clientsPromote client and service awareness in the fieldProvide exceptional customer support & client care What Makes Our Client Different?​ Our client’s tailored marketing and sales experiences allow them to use a more personal approach to the development and growth of the company.​ This firm’s philosophy emphasizes the importance of leading by example and having a comprehensive understanding of the entire business model.​ Their training program provides exposure to all facets of the campaigns as well as an opportunity for entry level roles to grow into leadership and management positions.​  Finally, the progressive management culture is unlike any other firm, where the development of team members is as important as the customer support services rendered.​  Job Requirements:Our client’s management team search is focused on individuals who are dedicated to consistently driving high standards and achieving customer service, client relations and client care excellence.​ Those who enjoy a small-company-feel, are adept at building relationships, and have a single-minded focus on delivering quality should apply.​ Although limited related experience is required with this entry level position, the following critical attributes are preferred: Above average people & communication skillsExcellent leadership qualities and winning attitude/​great work ethic/​ambition to succeed Some benefits of the Customer Service & Client Relations Associate Position: Comprehensive Paid Training by a National Manager; National and International Travel for Company Events; Opportunity for Community and Charity Involvement; Flexible Scheduling; Numerous Advancement Opportunities  Qualifications of an Customer Service & Client Relations Associate: Experience in customer service, client relations, customer support, client care or retail/​restaurant/​hospitality related fields dealing with the general public is an assetAbility to adapt to a variety of people; Winning attitude and dedication to ensuring customer & client satisfactionAbility to work well within a team environmentTravel to on-site campaign areas will be a role requirement.​ Access to reliable transportation or your own vehicle is recommended  Key Words: Customer Service, Entry Level Customer Service, Entry Level, Entry Level Retail Marketing, Entry Level Marketing, Customer Acquisition, Customer Retention, Customer Service Associate, Customer Service Representative, Customer Support, Client Support, Customer Relations, Client Relations, Marketing, Marketing & Sales Support, In-store marketing, Front Line, Front Line Client Associate, Entry Level Sales, Sales Account Management, Customer Relationship Management, CRM, Customer Service Sales, Full Time Customer Service, Hospitality, Customer Satisfaction, Customer Retention, New Clients, Customer Service Mangement, Retail Customer Service, Entry Level Retail Jobs, Retail Sales, Retail Sales Assistant, Marketing Assistant, Retail Customer Service Support.​
POSITIONThe Assistant Store Manager will be part of an enthusiastic and motivated team of financial service professionals. You will be helping our customers get the cash they need, when they need it, and you will be working in a friendly environment with great opportunities and benefits, where talented employees can get ahead.KEY RESPONSIBILITIESProvide exceptional customer service with every existing and potential customerEducate customers on all product offeringsProcess loan applications and make loansSafeguard and maintain customer recordsMake collection calls on overdue loansOpen and close the storeREQUIREMENTSExceptional customer service attitude3 years previous experience in retail, banking, hospitality, customer service, or collectionsSome computer familiarity or skillsAble to work Monday to SaturdayHigh school diploma / GEDReliable transportation and valid driver’s licenseMust pass credit, MVR (driving record) and criminal background checksPREFERRED QUALIFICATIONSRetail sales experience (e.g., store manager, assistant store manager)Banking experience (e.g., branch manager, assistant branch manager, bank teller)Hospitality experience (e.g., restaurant / hotel / property manager, restaurant / hotel / property assistant manager)Customer service experience (e.g., customer service representative, customer service associate)Collections experience (e.g., collector, collections representative, collections associate)COMPENSATIONHighly competitive pay!Receive up to 12% increase in pay in your first year through scheduled wage increases!Earn up to an additional $750 in performance incentives every month!BENEFITSMedical, dental, visionVoluntary life/ AD&DShort-term & long-term disability401(k) with company matchPaid vacation, holidays, and sick timePaid maternity, paternity, extended medical leave and jury dutyBusiness casual work environmentCorporate discount program on personal cell phone accounts with select providersONE OF THE BEST RETAIL SCHEDULES AVAILABLENo Sundays!Half days on Saturdays!Close early evenings Monday-Friday!ABOUT CASH STORECash Store, a Cottonwood Financial brand, is one of the largest privately held retail consumer finance companies in the consumer finance industry. We have zero debt, have been profitable every year since inception, and our growth is funded entirely through internally generated capital. Founded in 1996, we have company-owned locations across the country. This national brick-and-mortar footprint, coupled with our evolving expansion into the online space, allows us to provide best-in-class customer service and offer an innovative mix of financial products and services to our customers.
We are a growing Hardwood Flooring Distribution Business. We have 9 locations around the Midwest, and plan on opening many more in the future. Currently our Dallas location is experiencing that growth and is in need of a new team member.When we hire, we look for people who are:People of high integrity.Have internal drive and a strong desire to succeed.Are willing to work hard.Want to be on a career path.Are humble and willing to sweep the floors or clean the bathrooms when necessary.Willing to learn the ropes of the business from the bottom up.Please investigate our company a little before applying. www.themasterscraft.com and www.realwoodfloors.com Our current position is for a team member. You will join our team in Dallas to execute the operations of our business. Those activities include:Shipping and receiving of hardwood flooringPreparing shipments for pickup or deliveryInventory accuracy and countingWarehouse upkeepDeliveries of wood flooringOrder Entry and Ringing up CustomersTaking Phone CallsProcessing orders, making purchase ordersNegotiating sales, winning customersBilingual preferredWith a foot in the door you will be given the chance to prove yourself. As you do so there will be greater opportunities for advancement.Please note: this job always includes some hard work at times. Employees must be able to lift 60-80 lbs repeatedly when loading flooring products. The job is very diverse, but will include manual labor and hard work, no matter what level you are in the company. We are all a part of a team. You will begin at the ground level of a location and be a part of its growth.Compensation is negotiable and dependent on qualifications, experience and drive. After an initial training period, and after proving oneself, employees can move on to a salary plus performance and sales commissions along with profit sharing.Thanks for considering us!The Master's Craft is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in employment decisions based on any factor protected by federal, state or local law.
Position Information:Sales Support Representative position with a company that gives back and works one-on-one with families in your community. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.We Need:Entry level and senior level applicant who is service-minded and wants to help people, gain experience and earn the money they need.You Will Help Your Community By:- Supporting the needs of people in the community- Managing relationships with new and existing customers- Providing customer service and communicationYou Only Need:- A high school diploma or equivalent- Be a people-person that likes interaction among others- Be independent-minded and flexible- Outstanding communication skillsWho Is American Income?We are American Income Life Insurance Company. We are a significant provider of supplemental insurance and have been helping labor unions, credit unions and associations with their insurance coverage needs. We strive to make a difference in lives of people across the United States, Canada and New Zealand.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at www.ailcareers.com
TruGreen is committed to providing personalized attention for our associates. We focus on developing our people by building proud, dynamic teams while helping associates reach their personal and professional goals. We continuously strive to make TruGreen an employer of choice and "a great place to work!"We're seeking a Customer Service Representative. If you set high standards for Excellence, Integrity and Customer Service this may be the position for you.  Apply now and learn more about opportunities with TruGreen.Responsibilities• Answers inbound customer service calls, responds to customer emails and surveys.• Resolves customer service concerns after determining root cause of the concern.  • Escalates customer issues requiring extensive problem solving.• Uses save training and current save offers to retain customers at every opportunity.• Updates and maintains customer database with accurate customer information and timely data entry.  • Up-sells services to existing customers based on customer needs.• Provides resolution and timely follow-up with the customers.• Achieves quality standards as outlined in the Quality Assessment form. • Communicates customer impacting trends and/or ideas for improvement to manager.• May perform outbound calls to internal and external customers to schedule applications and/or service calls.Education and Experience Requirements• High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or up to one year related experience and/or training, or equivalent combination of education and experience.• Associate degree from a two-year college or technical school preferred• Computer skills with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint)TruGreen is committed to Diversity and Inclusion.  We encourage diverse candidates to apply to this position.We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesTo learn more copy and paste this URL into your browser: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdfTruGreen performs pre-employment testing.
Virtue Direct, Inc. is one of the LEADING marketing firms providing exceptional service to large corporations in the Pembroke Pines area.  We recently opened up a NEW OFFICE and are looking to fill positions in multiple departments.  These positions are ENTRY LEVEL to begin with RAPID advancement.   OPPORTUNITY:   ? Whether you are looking to get your foot in the door or already have experience, we are interested in hearing more about how your unique skill set can benefit our company. We have team members from all walks of life and believe that degrees and experience in marketing, as well as other industries, can benefit our company.   RequirementsQUALIFICATIONS: ? Our clients are all industry leaders thus we are selective about who we bring into our company to represent them.    If you have the following qualifications we are interested in meeting with you:?    Outstanding communication skills both verbal & written Able to prioritize and work independently with minimal supervision Able to work effectively in a team environment Detail-oriented and the ability to follow up on tasks Work effectively under pressure and maintain a positive attitude Capable of multi-tasking, prioritizing, and managing time efficiently. To be the best in our industry, we have to have the best people working for us. Providing the right work environment is important to us.    We offer a high-energy, supportive team environment where personal achievements are recognized and rewarded.           **After the review of your resume you will be contacted through email by our HR Department. Please be on the lookout for this email as it will be sent to you shortly if selected by our management team for a possible interview.       We have been growing rapidly and are continuing to expand our operations and offerings. If you are a proven performer, we would like to take a closer look at working for us.   All of our positions have a base with a bonus and commission structure on top There are no door to door, business to business, or telemarketing positions here   If you are interested in a full time, salary based position with the opportunity to advance into management, APPLY TODAY! Positions are limited.
ENTRY LEVEL - ASSISTANT MANAGERDegree...No Experience? Experience... No Degree?We are expanding and are looking for individuals for entry level in all aspects of our business such as: CUSTOMER SERVICEMARKETINGCAMPAIGN DEVELOPMENTMANAGEMENTTRAININGSALESRequirementsRequirementsWe are a promotional advertising company with exceptional customer service that offers financial rewards and promotions determined by performance. We work with major companies in the sports and entertainment industry. These clients need high energy, upbeat individuals with great customer service skills to represent them!___________________________________________MUST BE ABLE TO START WITHIN 1 WEEKMust be willing to start ENTRY LEVELINTERVIEWS START IMMEDIATELY!!!  
Job OverviewPrimary Purpose and Essential Functions: Leads and performs Customer Service functions regarding a specific or assigned number or assigned customers which could include regional, dedicated or National Accounts. Will work in conjunction with other internal departments to achieve territorial balance of capacity and freight while achieving high service levels. Will take total responsibility of ensuring all requirements are met company wide in regards to Customer expectations.Lead two (2) JIT/ high exposure accounts or one major account for Swift and have the skill set necessary to meet customer expectations.Lead and solicit business from a specific or assigned number of customers by using daily available capacity. Serve as an extension of Sales to expand business revenue by exploring all dedicated, rail and logistics opportunities with Customers. Be aware of the system wide balance/imbalance within the Swift network to book freight accordingly.Serve as Customer's first line of communication and refer Customer to the proper departments if/when necessary (i.e. Pricing, claims, etc.) Responsible for managing service issues by researching and coding all applicable service failures in the system to support accurate service reporting. Responsible for monitoring and tracing loads so that follow up can be made to Customers regarding late pickups and or deliveries; as well as any other changes that may occur. Anticipate and facilitate problem resolution on all load issues to meet or exceed total satisfaction of Customers.Commit to and receive detailed customer load information by telephone, fax or electronic tendering, and input all load information into the system accurately to ensure system integrity.Maintains knowledge of customer contractual requirements relative to trailer pools in order to keep turns at the level set to gain optimum utilization of company equipment..Responsible for managing and clearing assigned user discrepancy queue to expedite the billing process to ensure the number of days from e-calls to cash are minimized for cash flow optimization.Responsible for managing EDI related requirements regarding 214 Status releasing or other similar electronic transmissions as required by Customer.Create monthly reports regarding service levels for customers as well as participate on any service oriented conference calls to supply definition.Maintain a positive work atmosphere by acting and communicating in a manner which facilitates the success of business operations in order to meet company and customer requirements.Perform additional duties as assigned by leadership.Skills: Must possess professional skills deemed necessary to interact with Customers on a corporate level including making on-site visits when warranted. Use exemplary telephone skills to present a quality oriented image where the Customer is treated in a consistent, courteous, and efficient manner, so that the impression is one of excellence. Ability to set priorities and to communicate to areas involving changes that could affect daily operations. Keyboard skills, working knowledge of PC and AS400, Excel, Word, ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, excellent time management skills.Education: High School Diploma or GEDExperience Required: Minimum of three (3) years (five years is preferred) Customer Service or Customer Service Relationship experience required preferably in related industry; one (1) two (2) years of internal Customer Service Representative III preferred. Position RequirementsMust possess professional skills deemed necessary to interact with Customers on a corporate level including making on-site visits when warranted. Use exemplary telephone skills to present a quality oriented image where the Customer is treated in a consistent, courteous, and efficient manner, so that the impression is one of excellence. Ability to set priorities and to communicate to areas involving changes that could affect daily operations. Keyboard skills, working knowledge of PC and AS400, Excel, Word, ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, excellent time management skills. Required EducationHigh School Diploma or GED Required ExperienceMinimum of three (3) years (five years is preferred) Customer Service or Customer Service Relationship experience required preferably in related industry; one (1) two (2) years of internal Customer Service Representative III preferred.
Job OverviewPrimary Purpose and Essential Functions: Leads and performs Customer Service functions regarding a specific or assigned number or assigned customers which could include regional, dedicated or National Accounts. Will work in conjunction with other internal departments to achieve territorial balance of capacity and freight while achieving high service levels. Will take total responsibility of ensuring all requirements are met company wide in regards to Customer expectations.Lead two (2) JIT/ high exposure accounts or one major account for Swift and have the skill set necessary to meet customer expectations.Lead and solicit business from a specific or assigned number of customers by using daily available capacity. Serve as an extension of Sales to expand business revenue by exploring all dedicated, rail and logistics opportunities with Customers. Be aware of the system wide balance/imbalance within the Swift network to book freight accordingly.Serve as Customer's first line of communication and refer Customer to the proper departments if/when necessary (i.e. Pricing, claims, etc.) Responsible for managing service issues by researching and coding all applicable service failures in the system to support accurate service reporting. Responsible for monitoring and tracing loads so that follow up can be made to Customers regarding late pickups and or deliveries; as well as any other changes that may occur. Anticipate and facilitate problem resolution on all load issues to meet or exceed total satisfaction of Customers.Commit to and receive detailed customer load information by telephone, fax or electronic tendering, and input all load information into the system accurately to ensure system integrity.Maintains knowledge of customer contractual requirements relative to trailer pools in order to keep turns at the level set to gain optimum utilization of company equipment..Responsible for managing and clearing assigned user discrepancy queue to expedite the billing process to ensure the number of days from e-calls to cash are minimized for cash flow optimization.Responsible for managing EDI related requirements regarding 214 Status releasing or other similar electronic transmissions as required by Customer.Create monthly reports regarding service levels for customers as well as participate on any service oriented conference calls to supply definition.Maintain a positive work atmosphere by acting and communicating in a manner which facilitates the success of business operations in order to meet company and customer requirements.Perform additional duties as assigned by leadership.Skills: Must possess professional skills deemed necessary to interact with Customers on a corporate level including making on-site visits when warranted. Use exemplary telephone skills to present a quality oriented image where the Customer is treated in a consistent, courteous, and efficient manner, so that the impression is one of excellence. Ability to set priorities and to communicate to areas involving changes that could affect daily operations. Keyboard skills, working knowledge of PC and AS400, Excel, Word, ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, excellent time management skills.Education: High School Diploma or GEDExperience Required: Minimum of three (3) years (five years is preferred) Customer Service or Customer Service Relationship experience required preferably in related industry; one (1) two (2) years of internal Customer Service Representative III preferred. Position RequirementsMust possess professional skills deemed necessary to interact with Customers on a corporate level including making on-site visits when warranted. Use exemplary telephone skills to present a quality oriented image where the Customer is treated in a consistent, courteous, and efficient manner, so that the impression is one of excellence. Ability to set priorities and to communicate to areas involving changes that could affect daily operations. Keyboard skills, working knowledge of PC and AS400, Excel, Word, ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, excellent time management skills. Required EducationHigh School Diploma or GED Required ExperienceMinimum of three (3) years (five years is preferred) Customer Service or Customer Service Relationship experience required preferably in related industry; one (1) two (2) years of internal Customer Service Representative III preferred.
About Natoli Engineering:Natoli Engineering located in St. Charles, Missouri is the global leader in the manufacturing of tablet compression products and services.  We serve the pharmaceutical, nutritional, confectionery, industrial, and veterinary industries. We have been in business for over 40 years and have a rich legacy that is supported by a strong product line and a global network of sales representatives and distributors. Position Summary: The ideal candidate will have a strong quality background that will aid in supporting oversight, process improvement and reporting efforts. The Quality Customer Assurance Specialist will report to the Quality Manager, coordinate with Customer Service; and will assist with quality assurance efforts for process improvement. Primary Role and Responsibilities:·         Review customer complaints via email and other medium·         Manage complaints using QT9, Quality Management System·         Assist in development of QMS processes and procedures·         Collaborate with Quality Manager and Customer Service to evaluate findings and implement appropriate corrective action Requirements:·         Excellent problem solving skills·         Comfortable communicating with customers·         Familiar with ISO 90001 QMS systems·         Excellent verbal and written communication skills·         Strong Computer skills·         Must be process oriented·         Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever changing environment Experience:·         1-2 years’ experience with implementation of root cause and correction action programs·         1-2 years’ experience with data collection, analysis, and organizing data Benefits:We offer 100% employer paid medical and dental insurance for the employee, company match 401(k), paid vacation, 9 paid holidays, and much more! Career:As a worldwide leader, we offer excellent career opportunities. Our opportunities to be promoted and to grow with the company are endless!https://natoli.com/about/employment/?gnk=job&gni=8a78824755bedb4f0155c0dbb96214b1
CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATESExperienced Sandwich Makers - Prep Associates - Cashiers - Salad Makers PRODUCTION ASSOCIATESLine Cooks - Kitchen Help7030 Amador Plaza RoadDublin, CA 94568Customer Service Associate Opportunities Our customer associates know what our customer wants and deliver it -- fast, accurate and with friendly service. We hear and sense customer needs and keep our manager and fellow team members informed. We take pride in every aspect of our work and perform it with energy and enthusiasm. We are strong team players, with a commitment to continuous learning, who provide quality service and products to our customers through true craftsmanship. Production Associates: • Prepare menu items in a fast and accurate manner • Contribute to a positive team-work environment • Are committed to providing quality service • Enjoys working behind the scenes • Understands the value of providing true craftsmanshipFor immediate consideration, please apply online today at PaneraBread.jobs!We offer our teams a place where we take care of you, your family and your community!Flexibility in your work schedule Variety of health and related benefits* A rewarding place to work that gives back to all Wholesome food Paid vacation KinderCare tuition discounts Family tuition discounts with College for America Discounted meals during your shift Work experience, resume builderAdvancement opportunities*Some restrictions apply.Job Requirements: Some food service or retail experience preferredMinimum age -- 16 years of age for Customer Service Associates, 18 for Production Associates and QCMust understand and practice basic food safetyEOE
Customer Service / Restaurant / Bar / Retail Experience Needed   Tired of giving up your social life from working nights and weekends?Do you want to sleep normal hours?Tired of working hard and not seeing opportunity? You have a gift.  You know just what to say at any given moment.  Your personality alone puts people at ease.  People love you.  People follow you.  This is what drives you.  This is the type of person we are looking for.If you are a people person working in the retail or the restaurant business and you are looking for a career change that provides opportunity, then put your personality and ambition to work with us.  We are looking for individuals that have experience in customer service, sales, food service, client relations, and retail.  We are a new and aggressive marketing and advertising firm that works with national and local clients in the entertainment industry.Our firm is a privately owned, top-ranked advertising firm looking for outgoing individuals to fill entry level sales & marketing positions. No Experience Necessary! We owe much of our success here to our progressive approach to people. We strive to create unlimited opportunities for individuals to achieve their personal, professional and financial goals. We do this by encouraging competition, making it easy for individuals engaged in sales and marketing to share effective techniques and communicate ideas openly and by recognizing accomplishments both large and small.Our philosophy emphasizes the importance of leading by example and having a comprehensive understanding of the entire business model. The key to our success is the unique approach we take in order to increase market share for each of our clients.......WE MAKE THINGS PERSONAL!QUALIFICATIONS:Outstanding communication skills both verbal & written.Able to prioritize and work independentlyAble to work effectively in a team environmentDetail-oriented and the ability to follow up on tasks.Work effectively under pressure and maintain a positive attitudeCapable of multi-tasking, prioritizing, and managing time efficientlySend your resume online now for consideration!www.nuvisionconcept.com related keywords: sales, marketing, entry level, customer service, public relations, advertising, business, management opportunity, advertising, customer service, sales, sports, general, other, retail, restaurant, hospitality, promotions, entertainment, sales and marketing, business administration, mass communications
CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATESExperienced Sandwich Makers - Prep Associates - Cashiers - Salad Makers PRODUCTION ASSOCIATESLine Cooks - Kitchen Help1400 Butterfield RoadDowners Grove, IL 60515Customer Service Associate Opportunities Our customer associates know what our customer wants and deliver it -- fast, accurate and with friendly service. We hear and sense customer needs and keep our manager and fellow team members informed. We take pride in every aspect of our work and perform it with energy and enthusiasm. We are strong team players, with a commitment to continuous learning, who provide quality service and products to our customers through true craftsmanship. Production Associates: • Prepare menu items in a fast and accurate manner • Contribute to a positive team-work environment • Are committed to providing quality service • Enjoys working behind the scenes • Understands the value of providing true craftsmanshipFor immediate consideration, please apply online today at PaneraBread.jobs!We offer our teams a place where we take care of you, your family and your community!Flexibility in your work schedule Variety of health and related benefits* A rewarding place to work that gives back to all Wholesome food Paid vacation KinderCare tuition discounts Family tuition discounts with College for America Discounted meals during your shift Work experience, resume builderAdvancement opportunities*Some restrictions apply.Job Requirements: Some food service or retail experience preferredMinimum age -- 16 years of age for Customer Service Associates, 18 for Production Associates and QCMust understand and practice basic food safetyEOE
CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATESExperienced Sandwich Makers - Prep Associates - Cashiers - Salad Makers PRODUCTION ASSOCIATESLine Cooks - Kitchen Help215A Alamo PlazaAlamo, CA 94507Customer Service Associate Opportunities Our customer associates know what our customer wants and deliver it -- fast, accurate and with friendly service. We hear and sense customer needs and keep our manager and fellow team members informed. We take pride in every aspect of our work and perform it with energy and enthusiasm. We are strong team players, with a commitment to continuous learning, who provide quality service and products to our customers through true craftsmanship. Production Associates: • Prepare menu items in a fast and accurate manner • Contribute to a positive team-work environment • Are committed to providing quality service • Enjoys working behind the scenes • Understands the value of providing true craftsmanshipFor immediate consideration, please apply online today at PaneraBread.jobs!We offer our teams a place where we take care of you, your family and your community!Flexibility in your work schedule Variety of health and related benefits* A rewarding place to work that gives back to all Wholesome food Paid vacation KinderCare tuition discounts Family tuition discounts with College for America Discounted meals during your shift Work experience, resume builderAdvancement opportunities*Some restrictions apply.Job Requirements: Some food service or retail experience preferredMinimum age -- 16 years of age for Customer Service Associates, 18 for Production Associates and QCMust understand and practice basic food safetyEOE
Apply NOW for immediate consideration for a FULL TIME ENTRY LEVEL position. We are looking to fill 5 positions as soon as possible.   The Invictus Group is currently hiring for entry level individuals with experience in the customer service and sales industries for an account management position. We have found that full time candidates with experience in the customer service industry generally have the base skills initially desired to succeed in the sales and marketing industry.  Entry Level Sales /Entry Level Marketing/Management Training/Sales & Marketing / Customer Service /Full Time /Training Our sales and marketing firm is the leader in the industry and delivering results and quality customer service experiences for our clients. Our major client in the South Jersey/Philadelphia region is a Fortune 100, Telecommunication giant that wants us to deliver a face to face customer service experience. We do this by taking care of the existing customer base and providing personal care with new customers. This job involves face to face sales of services to new business customers. It is a priority for our team to provide the best customer service and professionalism. We strive to build and maintain quality customer relationships.   What The Invictus Group is looking for in a quality ENTRY-LEVEL candidate: ·         Internally motivated·         Professionalism·         Excellent student mentality·         Integrity·         Great work ethic·         Leadership skills·         Success-driven·         Desire to develop oneself personally and professionally·         Communication (written and verbal) skills·         Outgoing personality·         Work hard, play hard mentality....WE LIKE TO HAVE FUN!   NOTE: Candidates with a sports background and leadership experience tend to do extremely well at The Invictus Group Just a reminder that this is a FULL-TIME, ENTRY-LEVEL position. The Invictus Group Offers: ·         Full / Paid Training·         ENTRY LEVEL career opportunities in SALES and MARKETING·         An energetic working atmosphere·         Travel opportunities·         No glass ceiling·         Public Speaking Development·         Leadership opportunities·         Event planningOur Website               Click on Apply Now!   Contact our Human Resources Department at careers@theinvictusgroupinc.com!  To speed up the application process, please call us at 856-414-1090 after you have submitted your resume!    related keywords: entry level, management, entry level management, entry level marketing, marketing, business development, entry level, customer service, sports minded, entertainment, advertising, public relations, management, sales, training, marketing, public relations, entry level, customer service, retail, restaurant experience, entry level, full time, internship, management, advertising, public relations, entry level, public relations, business, marketing, entry-level, promotions, direct marketing, promotional sales, business development, entertainment, sales - marketing, management, clients, account manager, campaigns, marketing, direct advertising, client relations, retail, hospitality, marketing, experience, college graduates, internship, entry level, management, entry level management, entry level marketing, marketing, business development, entry level, customer service, sports, entertainment, advertising, public relations, management, sales, training, marketing, public relations, entry level, customer service, retail, restaurant, entry level, full time, internship, management, advertising, public relations  marketing, entry-level, promotions, direct marketing, promotional sales, business development, entertainment, sales - marketing, management, clients, account manager, campaigns, marketing, direct advertising, client relations, retail, hospitality, marketing, experience, college graduates, internship, entry level, management, entry level management, entry level marketing, marketing, business development, entry level, customer service, sports, entertainment, advertising, public relations, management, sales, training, marketing, public relations, entry level, customer service, retail, restaurant, entry level, full time, internship, management, advertising account executive, account exec, account representative, account rep, account manager, account management, sales rep, sales representative, sales exec, sales executive, field sales, ad sales, marketing sales, promotional sales, publishing sales, mortgage sales, loan sales, loan officer, inside sales, outside sales, direct sales, sales professional, sales associate, telemarketing, cold caller, cold calling, salesman, saleswoman, salesperson Marketing, Promotions, Sports,, Sales, Customer Service, Public Relations, Human Resources, Entry Level, Career Builder related words: Sales, Customer Service, Manager, Management, Manage, Marketing, Management, Administrative, Administrative Assistant, Human Resources, Receptionist, Entry Level,, Customer Service, Assistant, Advertising, Supervisor, Public Relations, Office, Payroll, Admin, Training, Human Resources, Operations, Office Manager, General, Executive, Vice President, Sales, Manager, All, Recruiter, Entrepreneur, PR, P.R., Advertising, C Marketing Management, Entry Level Management, Entry-Level Management, Entry Level Sales, Entry-Level Sales, Entry Level Marketing, Entry-Level Marketing, Entry Level College Grad, Entry-Level College Grad Training,  General,  Sales, Manager, All, Recruiter, Entrepreneur, PR, P.R., Advertising, Inventory, Internship, Entry-Level,  College Graduate, College Grad,  High School Graduate, High-School Graduate, High School Grad, Marketing Management, Entry Level Management, Entry-Level Management, Entry Level Sales, Entry-Level Sales, Entry Level Marketing, Entry-Level Marketing, Entry Level College Grad, Entry-Level College Graduate
Customer Service / Restaurant / Bar / Retail Experience Needed   Tired of giving up your social life from working nights and weekends?Do you want to sleep normal hours?Tired of working hard and not seeing opportunity? You have a gift.  You know just what to say at any given moment.  Your personality alone puts people at ease.  People love you.  People follow you.  This is what drives you.  This is the type of person we are looking for.If you are a people person working in the retail or the restaurant business and you are looking for a career change that provides opportunity, then put your personality and ambition to work with us.  We are looking for individuals that have experience in customer service, sales, food service, client relations, and retail.  We are a new and aggressive marketing and advertising firm that works with national and local clients in the entertainment industry.Our firm is a privately owned, top-ranked advertising firm looking for outgoing individuals to fill entry level sales & marketing positions. No Experience Necessary! We owe much of our success here to our progressive approach to people. We strive to create unlimited opportunities for individuals to achieve their personal, professional and financial goals. We do this by encouraging competition, making it easy for individuals engaged in sales and marketing to share effective techniques and communicate ideas openly and by recognizing accomplishments both large and small.Our philosophy emphasizes the importance of leading by example and having a comprehensive understanding of the entire business model. The key to our success is the unique approach we take in order to increase market share for each of our clients.......WE MAKE THINGS PERSONAL!For Immediate Consideration apply onlinewww.vibe-industries.comQUALIFICATIONS:Outstanding communication skills both verbal & written.Able to prioritize and work independentlyAble to work effectively in a team environmentDetail-oriented and the ability to follow up on tasks.Work effectively under pressure and maintain a positive attitudeCapable of multi-tasking, prioritizing, and managing time efficientlySend your resume online now for consideration!related keywords: sales, marketing, entry level, customer service, public relations, advertising, business, management opportunity, advertising, customer service, sales, sports, general, other, retail, restaurant, hospitality, promotions, entertainment, sales and marketing, business administration, mass communications
Customer Service / Restaurant / Bar / Retail Experience Needed   Tired of giving up your social life from working nights and weekends?Do you want to sleep normal hours?Tired of working hard and not seeing opportunity? You have a gift.  You know just what to say at any given moment.  Your personality alone puts people at ease.  People love you.  People follow you.  This is what drives you.  This is the type of person we are looking for.If you are a people person working in the retail or the restaurant business and you are looking for a career change that provides opportunity, then put your personality and ambition to work with us.  We are looking for individuals that have experience in customer service, sales, food service, client relations, and retail.  We are a new and aggressive marketing and advertising firm that works with national and local clients in the entertainment industry.Our firm is a privately owned, top-ranked advertising firm looking for outgoing individuals to fill entry level sales & marketing positions. No Experience Necessary! We owe much of our success here to our progressive approach to people. We strive to create unlimited opportunities for individuals to achieve their personal, professional and financial goals. We do this by encouraging competition, making it easy for individuals engaged in sales and marketing to share effective techniques and communicate ideas openly and by recognizing accomplishments both large and small.Our philosophy emphasizes the importance of leading by example and having a comprehensive understanding of the entire business model. The key to our success is the unique approach we take in order to increase market share for each of our clients.......WE MAKE THINGS PERSONAL!QUALIFICATIONS:Outstanding communication skills both verbal & written.Able to prioritize and work independentlyAble to work effectively in a team environmentDetail-oriented and the ability to follow up on tasks.Work effectively under pressure and maintain a positive attitudeCapable of multi-tasking, prioritizing, and managing time efficientlySend your resume online now for consideration!related keywords: sales, marketing, entry level, customer service, public relations, advertising, business, management opportunity, advertising, customer service, sales, sports, general, other, retail, restaurant, hospitality, promotions, entertainment, sales and marketing, business administration, mass communications
First Reaction, Inc. is currently offering sales and marketing positions that include comprehensive training. No prior sales experience is necessary, and we will train you to learn a variety of skills from sales and human resources to management and mentorship. Successful candidates will have opportunities to advance in to leadership and management positions. As a fast paced company in the direct sales and marketing industry, First Reaction continues to set the standard for excellence in client acquisition and customer retention. By providing direct sales and marketing services to Fortune 500 companies nationwide, we increase the market shares of our clients through a proven direct sales approach. This job involves face-to-face sales, marketing, customer service and event promotions of our clients' services.Our sales approach is not only a refreshing alternative to more general mass sales and marketing strategies, but it is also responsible for the unprecedented growth and stability of our company. We pride ourselves on recognizing top performance, integrity, and a winning mindset; we promote 100% from within our company. If you possess a great work ethic and would enjoy learning how to manage the varying dimensions of a business, First Reaction, Inc in Manhattan may be the right fit for you!Responsibilities in Entry Level Include:Assisting in the daily growth and development of our companyAssisting with efforts of new business acquisitionExpertly managing the needs of external customersDeveloping strong leadership and interpersonal skillsFace to face sales of services to new business and/or consumer prospects
CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATESExperienced Sandwich Makers - Prep Associates - Cashiers - Salad Makers PRODUCTION ASSOCIATESLine Cooks - Kitchen Help3121 Crow Canyon PlaceSan Ramon, CA 94583Customer Service Associate Opportunities Our customer associates know what our customer wants and deliver it -- fast, accurate and with friendly service. We hear and sense customer needs and keep our manager and fellow team members informed. We take pride in every aspect of our work and perform it with energy and enthusiasm. We are strong team players, with a commitment to continuous learning, who provide quality service and products to our customers through true craftsmanship. Production Associates: • Prepare menu items in a fast and accurate manner • Contribute to a positive team-work environment • Are committed to providing quality service • Enjoys working behind the scenes • Understands the value of providing true craftsmanshipFor immediate consideration, please apply online today at PaneraBread.jobs!We offer our teams a place where we take care of you, your family and your community!Flexibility in your work schedule Variety of health and related benefits* A rewarding place to work that gives back to all Wholesome food Paid vacation KinderCare tuition discounts Family tuition discounts with College for America Discounted meals during your shift Work experience, resume builderAdvancement opportunities*Some restrictions apply.Job Requirements: Some food service or retail experience preferredMinimum age -- 16 years of age for Customer Service Associates, 18 for Production Associates and QCMust understand and practice basic food safetyEOE
The Helen Ross McNabb Center (www.mcnabbcenter.org) is a premier not-for-profit provider of behavioral health services.  The Center provides quality care and serves all ages in a continuum of prevention, early intervention, social, co-occurring, addiction, outpatient and crisis services. The Center is seeking motivated staff members that possess the ability to relate to
Empire ICS Inc. is now seeking Entry Level and Experienced In-Store Customer Service Representatives to begin training immediately. We are looking to fill 3-5 permanent Full Time and Part Time positions with candidates who want to jump start their careers. We currently have openings in Green Bay and Grand Chute, WI.THE POSITION INCLUDES:Provide Exceptional Customer Service with Every Existing and Potential CustomersAssist Customers Daily with their Purchases, Services, and Billing IssuesEducate Customers on all Services/Promotions Offered, Exhibiting Exceptional Product KnowledgeProvide Product/Service support in order to Establish Proper Channels of CommunicationWeekly Meeting in Office to Maintain Current Product Knowledge HAVE PRIOR EXPERIENCE IN RETAIL, CUSTOMER SERVICE, SALES, OR AS A KEY HOLDER / LEADERSHIP/ MANAGEMENT ROLE?Our firm provides Full Paid Training and offers Full Time and Part Time as well as Hourly Pay $10-15 Hourly plus added commissions and bonuses. Any experience in the fields of Retail, Hospitality, Sales, and Marketing is a huge plus and we are ready to meet you and go over our potential Career Opportunities.WHY CHOOSE EMPIRE ICS?We offer all major holidays off to spend with your loved ones!Yearly R&R Trips fo top performersCommunity involvement opportunities Flexible scheduling Full time and part time positionsAll promotions happen 100% from within!Team environment dedicated to helping others acheive success.RequirementsOUR FIRM IS LOOKING FOR APPLICANTS THAT POSSESS THE FOLLOWING CRITERIA:Enthusiastic and Exceptional CommunicationDemonstrates the ability to Multi-Task and PrioritizationOrganizational SkillsTime ManagementDesire for Growth and AdvancementPrior Key-holder / Leadership experience a plusThrives in fast paces, face to face environmentMust be at least 18 years of ageImmediate availability or standard 2 weeksStudent Mentality: enjoys learning new tasks quicklyWorks well independently and in teams Empire ICS Inc. is currently set to conduct interviews after Christmas. APPLY TODAY to schedule a one on one interview with the hiring manager. Only applications that include a resume will be considered. Happy Holidays! Visit us online!WebsiteFacebookInstagramTwitterPress
Report this job About the Job Position Information:Sales Support Representative position with a company that gives back and works one-on-one with families in your community. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.We Need:Entry level and senior level applicant who is service-minded and wants to help people, gain experience and earn the money they need.You Will Help Your Community By:- Supporting the needs of people in the community- Managing relationships with new and existing customers- Providing customer service and communicationYou Only Need:- A high school diploma or equivalent- Be a people-person that likes interaction among others- Be independent-minded and flexible- Outstanding communication skillsWho Is American Income?We are American Income Life Insurance Company. We are a significant provider of supplemental insurance and have been helping labor unions, credit unions and associations with their insurance coverage needs. We strive to make a difference in lives of people across the United States, Canada and New Zealand.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at https://agent-jobs.ailcareers.com . Report Previous Next {"Caption":"","Images":[{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider1.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider2.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider3.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xallinsx/cjt3/slider4.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null}]} ‹ › ×
Ajilon has teamed with a growing Credit Union to fill a Customer Service Agent job in Chicago, IL! This is an exciting opportunity for a candidate with 3-5 years of experience within banking or credit unions. Our ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience as a Customer Service Agent or as a Teller who enjoys working with customers. This company offers an excellent benefits plan, generous PTO/holiday and vacation policy, a team oriented environment and opportunity for growth and advancement. If you meet the requirements and would like to be considered, please read on.  Customer Service Agent job Requirements: 3 - 5 years of Call Center experience in a bank or credit union OR 3 - 5 years of Bank Teller or Credit Union. Excellent communication, organizational, motivating and planning skills.Expertise in deposit operations equipment, technology and industry trends is essential. Knowledge in Commercial Lending.Strong customer service and interpersonal skills.  Customer Service Agent job description: Provide information, support and resolution in a professional manner to customers and prospects, ensuring the highest quality of customer service. Provide excellent customer service.Provide superior customer service by being courteous, friendly and professional to both existing and prospective customers, while responding to inquiries, including, but not limited to; general customer inquiries, electronic services, product information, marketing offers. In conjunction with on-screen customer information, identify the customer’s needs by actively listening, asking probing questions while simultaneously updating customer information on the system. Provide quality service by accurately assessing and responding to customer needs, using sound judgment and flexibility when recommending appropriate solutions/options.  If you feel like you are a match and would like to be considered, please email your resume in WORD attachment to Heather.sherman@ajilon.com ***Emailed resumes will take priority over online submissions.
Your local Brockton, MA Walmart Store is looking for a friendly Customer Host to join our team! The Customer Host maintains a highly visible presence at the store entrance, serving as both a greeter to our customers and as a potential deterrent to criminal activity.ResponsibilitiesGreet and thank our customersBe a visual theft deterrent Keep our entrances clean and safeMark items for returnCheck receipts when appropriateRespond to EAS alarms Minimum QualificationsMeets applicable state requirements to work in Asset Protection, such as, minimum age, specialized training, certification and/ or licensing. Passes an enhanced criminal background check.  Preferred Qualifications1 year of experience in Security, Military, Law Enforcement or Criminal Justice. Degree in (or in pursuit of) Criminal Justice or other applicable field.  Apply at  http://click.appcast.io/track/1gftzw?cs=kj  and during the application reference Store #2904 Walmart Store #2904700 Oak St Brockton, MA 02301 (508) 584-2333Walmart Store, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer – By Choice.
Description Open Positions for Career-Minded People.Be a champion for customer service!Are you an entrepreneurial, customer service-focused leader with the ability to inspire excellence at every level of the customer care experience? Then consider a leadership career with Raymour & Flanigan, where our most successful leaders build teams, develop people, cultivate long-term customer relationships, and role model service excellence.Expectations:Provide superior customer service in every situation. Go above and beyond advocating for every customer opportunity and request.Successfully lead, build and develop a team for modeling service excellenceMaintain associate payroll, benefit and performance informationHire, coach, mentor and develop associatesPartner with sales and operations team members to ensure that our vision of enhancing the customer shopping experience is realized.Display initiative to succeed in an entrepreneurial culture.Consistently demonstrate professional verbal and written communication, interpersonal and organizational skills.Multi- task within a fast paced service environment. Manage time to ensure completion of daily sales, delivery and inventory reports, cash deposits, and weekly payroll reconciliations.Provide responsive communication of information to Director of Customer Care, associates and customers.Proactively resolve escalated customer issues.Able to identify opportunities and find solutions for continuous improvementProblem-solve, organize and balance multiple priorities within a fast-paced environment.Maintain composure when handling unexpected challenges and competing demands.Perform additional functions that may be assigned at the discretion of management.Qualifications:Minimum three years' management experience in a customer service or retail environment.Proficient in PC-based applications.Leadership skills required.Bachelor's degree preferred. Flexibility to work a retail schedule that includes nights, weekends, holidays, and special events.At Raymour & Flanigan, we recognize and appreciate all of our team members' hard work and dedication. We pride ourselves on being a long term, privately held company that takes care of its associates by recognizing each individual's potential and investing in their future success! Raymour & Flanigan provides a full range of comprehensive benefit programs to help you achieve your wellness and financial goals which include:Health Insurance (Up to 80% of premium paid) and Prescription Drug CoverageDental and Vision CoverageCompany paid Life InsuranceCompany paid Short-term Disability401(k) Retirement Plan w/ Company Match & Profit SharingVoluntary Life and Long-term Disability Insurance Flexible Spending AccountEmployee Assistance ProgramOther Great Benefits:Weekly PayPaid Vacation and HolidaysTraining and DevelopmentTuition Reimbursement ProgramGenerous Merchandise DiscountRaymour & Flanigan proudly supports a drug free and smoke free work environment.Raymour & Flanigan is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that does not discriminate against any associate or applicant on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, marital or familial status, genetic information or other basis protected by law.
Report this job About the Job Retail Customer Service Sales AssociateMen's Wearhouse is looking for talented Retail Sales Associate candidates that have a passion for providing world class service to customers and employees.  As a Customer Service Retail Sales Associate you will learn and demonstrate tuxedo product knowledge including sizing, style, and accessory options, accurately complete all appropriate paperwork, and ensure timely and accurate data entry, maintain and update in-store rental/sales information and supplies.  You will support managers, sales consultants, and tailors in meeting and maintaining benchmark sales goals.Responsibilities:Learn and demonstrate tuxedo product knowledge including sizing, style, and accessory optionsAssist in the tailor shop as directed by managementAssist with all customer needs, such as alterations appointments, pick-ups, special orders requests and sales.Properly measure customers and assist in style selectionMeet and maintain benchmark retails sales goalsMarket the store tuxedo rental business by attending bridal shows and marketing to prom customers as directed by store managementRequirements:Thrive in a fast-paced and competitive sales environmentAbility to work a flexible schedule including weekends and holidaysAbility to distinguish between fabric patterns and colorsMaintain a professional, well-groomed appearancePrior customer service experience preferredIf you're passionate about collaboratively driving sales in a fun, team oriented environment, Men's Wearhouse had opportunities for you.  Join our team today at www.tmwjobs.com or Click the APPLY NOW!If you need further assistance please contact  Cynthia Bond 732-305-6464 Report Previous Next {"Caption":"","Images":[{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xmenswearx/cjt1/photo3.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xmenswearx/cjt1/photo4.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xmenswearx/cjt1/photo5.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xmenswearx/cjt1/photo6.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xmenswearx/cjt1/Tailored-Brands-bottom.jpg","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null}]} ‹ › ×
Summary:Position: Customer Service Scheduler Pay: $14 - 16Type of contract: Temporary 6 months (with possibility for extension)Location: 77082Schedule: M – F 8 am – 5 pm  Do you have experience coordinating repairs or installations for customers? Are you interested in going into the financial industry? If so, we have an exciting temporary Customer Service Scheduler job in Houston, TX that would be perfect for you! You will be responsible for providing schedules for moves/adds/deinstalls/change activities for various portfolio customers. To qualify for this position you will need at least 1 year of Customer Service Scheduling experience As a Customer Service Scheduler your responsibilities include:• Providing schedules for equipment moves, adds and deinstalls• Maintain related tickets • Request and coordinate purchase and shipment of materials • Respond and resolve all filed issues for signage • Monitor and review machine for first transaction Your qualifications:• 2+ years of relative experience• Hands on and self starter personality• Ability to work independently • Ability to work overtime if required If you have Scheduling experience and would like to be connected to this wonderful opportunity please apply below and/or send your resume to ana.aguirre@ajilon.com You will not want to miss out on this great job opportunity!  
The Training Department plays a crucial role in connecting our customers to our software. The main purpose of this position is to help our customers make a smooth conversion to the Reynolds and Reynolds system and provide training and customer support throughout the process. You will be responsible for installing and upgrading Reynolds and Reynolds software solutions in all parts of the dealership. When working with the customers, you will not only be a trainer but also a project manager. You will be responsible for coordinating all parts required for the install and making sure that all team members are on the same page in order to successfully convert the software.You will typically be given at least 1 month advance notice about upcoming trips. You will travel both individually and with a team installing and converting our software for customers. This requires excellent presentation and communication skills as you will meet with dealership management to understand the needs for each dealership. Based on these requirements, you will customize the system and train key dealership personnel on how to use the solution. While in the office you will support current customers, prepare for future trips, and conduct follow-ups with recently installed customers.REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree preferred Outgoing, friendly personality Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to travel 80% of the timeTRAINING:Training lasts approximately 4 months and includes department observations, classroom instruction, and on-the-job training with a mentor during travel trips. Classroom instruction includes product training as well as automotive dealership operations. You will focus on one area of the software during your product training and assist experienced representatives with customer set-up and implementation. In addition, you will have the opportunity to see Reynolds’ solutions “in action” by visiting car dealerships that already utilize our solutions on a daily basis.BENEFITS:We strive to offer an environment that provides our associates with the right balance between work and family. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including: Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance 401k with 100% matching up to 6% of compensation Referral bonuses with the opportunity to earn up to $7,000 per hirePaid holidays, vacation and sick days Professional development and training through Reynolds University Discounted membership to local area fitness centersOn-site medical clinic staffed by a Nurse Practitioner Company-sponsored events and sports leagues including: company picnic, softball, volleyball, bowling, and more! Gourmet cafeteria, open for breakfast and lunch, that features a salad bar and a variety of made-to-order cuisine optionsCredit Union membershipOpportunities to participate in charitable endeavors, such as our annual Bike Build for local military families, participation in the Reynolds Associate Foundation, company sponsorship in local charity 5k Run/Walks, and other volunteer opportunities Reynolds and Reynolds promotes a healthy lifestyle by providing a non-smoking environment.Reynolds and Reynolds encourages applicants of all ages and experience to apply, as we do not discriminate on the basis of age.
The Training Department plays a crucial role in connecting our customers to our software. The main purpose of this position is to help our customers make a smooth conversion to the Reynolds and Reynolds system and provide training and customer support throughout the process. You will be responsible for installing and upgrading Reynolds and Reynolds software solutions in all parts of the dealership. When working with the customers, you will not only be a trainer but also a project manager. You will be responsible for coordinating all parts required for the install and making sure that all team members are on the same page in order to successfully convert the software.You will typically be given at least 1 month advance notice about upcoming trips. You will travel both individually and with a team installing and converting our software for customers. This requires excellent presentation and communication skills as you will meet with dealership management to understand the needs for each dealership. Based on these requirements, you will customize the system and train key dealership personnel on how to use the solution. While in the office you will support current customers, prepare for future trips, and conduct follow-ups with recently installed customers.REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree preferred Outgoing, friendly personality Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to travel 80% of the timeTRAINING:Training lasts approximately 4 months and includes department observations, classroom instruction, and on-the-job training with a mentor during travel trips. Classroom instruction includes product training as well as automotive dealership operations. You will focus on one area of the software during your product training and assist experienced representatives with customer set-up and implementation. In addition, you will have the opportunity to see Reynolds’ solutions “in action” by visiting car dealerships that already utilize our solutions on a daily basis.BENEFITS:We strive to offer an environment that provides our associates with the right balance between work and family. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including: Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance 401k with 100% matching up to 6% of compensation Referral bonuses with the opportunity to earn up to $7,000 per hirePaid holidays, vacation and sick days Professional development and training through Reynolds University Discounted membership to local area fitness centersOn-site medical clinic staffed by a Nurse Practitioner Company-sponsored events and sports leagues including: company picnic, softball, volleyball, bowling, and more! Gourmet cafeteria, open for breakfast and lunch, that features a salad bar and a variety of made-to-order cuisine optionsCredit Union membershipOpportunities to participate in charitable endeavors, such as our annual Bike Build for local military families, participation in the Reynolds Associate Foundation, company sponsorship in local charity 5k Run/Walks, and other volunteer opportunities Reynolds and Reynolds promotes a healthy lifestyle by providing a non-smoking environment.Reynolds and Reynolds encourages applicants of all ages and experience to apply, as we do not discriminate on the basis of age.
One of the fastest growing Marketing and Promotional Advertising firms in your area is looking for YOU to join their customer support and satisfaction team as a full time Customer Service Representative! If you’ve got a willingness to succeed and a great head on your shoulders and you feel you can handle the major responsibilities below. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Customer Service Representative Responsibilities:Delivering interesting and exciting product presentations and outlining key product benefits to consumers.Providing an exceptional customer face to face experience.Providing product and customer service support with the goal of informing customers and making sales of featured products.Responsible for product branding, advertising, and promotion.Working with on-site customer service management team to deal with media relations, business communications, success stories Ideal candidates for the Customer Service Representative role will possess the following personal traits that will best help them to successfully perform the essential functions of this role. Full training will be provided so a culture fit is key!Core Competencies of the Customer Service Representative:Initiative - Be excited to take on responsibilities and challenges. Leadership - You have a willingness to lead, take charge, offer opinions and direction. Dependability - You must be reliable, responsible, and dependable.Social Orientation - The desire to work with others rather than alone, and being personally connected with others on the job. Attention to Detail is essentialCooperation - Be pleasant with others on the job and display a good-natured, cooperative attitude.Candidate must have a sense of humor, easygoing, but very disciplined. We need a culture fit!  Think you have what it takes? Send us your resume immediately. Only qualified candidates will be contacted for interviews.RequirementsRequirements of the Customer Service Representative:Relevant experience in a retail, hospitality, customer service, customer support and a customer based satisfaction role is an asset, however, paid training will be provided.Should be a proactive self-starter with the ability to work independently. Needs strong ability to set priorities, solve problems, and be resourceful under pressure.  Key Words: Customer Service Representative, Customer Service, Customer Service Associate, Customer Service Assistant, Customer Service Agent, Customer Service Support Representative, Customer Service Administrator, Customer Service Coordinator, Customer Service Support, Customer Satisfaction, Customer Retention/Acquisition, Customer Relations.
·NationServe/Wayne Dalton, a division of Overhead Door Corporation has an immediate opening for an Customer Service Representative in the Denver sales office.   THE POSITION Light administrative work including answering / screening / telephone calls to the appropriate person, resolution of calls (orders, quotes, etc). Quote residential & commercial orders over phone and to wholesale customers. Data entry of sales orders. Notify customers of potential backorders, credit issues, order availability and any other information regarding orders. Process all necessary paperwork for the daily operation of the sales center as required. Order product from factory as required to fulfill orders. Potentially serve as field supervisor to check job quality on installations or pre-installation job checks. Schedule residential/commercial installations. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Minimum of 1 year of Customer Service experience, construction industry preferred but not required Attention to detail and problem solving. Excellent telephone, written and verbal communication skills while interfacing with all levels of staff and customers. Working knowledge of PC’s and related software including MS Word, Excel, Access, Lotus Notes, etc.  Basic math skills required.  Willingness to learn product and processes. Education High School Diploma or GED DISCLAIMER   All the above duties and responsibilities are essential job functions subject to reasonable accommodation.  All job requirements listed indicate the minimum level of knowledge, skills and/or ability deemed necessary to perform the job proficiently.  Employees may be required to perform any other job-related instructions as requested by their supervisor, subject to reasonable accommodation.  This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” employment relationship.    
The Job Window has an exciting opportunity for an Entry Level Customer Relations & Customer Service representative on behalf of our client, a local marketing firm focused on customer acquisition. This client is looking for an individual who possesses a big-picture mentality and is able to help with the expansion of new locations. The entry level Customer Relations Associate must demonstrate unmatched interpersonal skills and be able to become the “face" of the company for the client. Restaurant, Retail, and Hospitality professionals particularly excel in this position as they are able to apply a personal touch to all consumer interactions.This local firm has developed a reputation for attracting exceptional individuals who are passionate about customer service and excel in a performance driven environment. Those individuals who demonstrate leadership ability will also be considered for more management level positions after an initial evaluation in the first few months. We do not expect you to be an expert on day one, but through extensive training, there will be many opportunities to demonstrate your management ability.Required TasksEngage with the targeted audience in a professional and welcoming manner and determine qualification statusAlign customer needs with product and service offeringsCreate lead generations for high profile clientsPromote brand awareness in large retail locationsSet-up and maintain in-store service event operations What Makes Our Client Different?Our client’s tailored marketing and advertising campaigns allow them to use a more personal approach to the development and growth of their promoting brands. This firm’s philosophy emphasizes the importance of leading by example and having a comprehensive understanding of the entire business model. Their training program provides exposure to all facets of the campaigns as well as an opportunity for leadership and management positions. Finally, the progressive management culture is unlike any other firm, where the development of team members is as important as the services rendered. RequirementsOur clients management team search is focused on individuals who are dedicated to consistently driving high standards and achieving customer service excellence. Those who adept at building relationships, and have a single-minded focus on delivering quality should apply.Although limited related experience is required, the following critical attributes are preferred:Above average people skillsExcellent leadership abilitiesGreat communication skillsWinning attitudeGreat work ethic and ambition Benefits of the Customer Service Position:Comprehensive Paid Training by a National ManagerNational and International Travel for Company EventsOpportunity For Community and Charity InvolvementFlexible SchedulingNumerous Advancement OpportunitiesIf you are willing to learn then we can also train you!Experience in customer service and associated fieldsAbility to adapt to a variety of peopleWinning attitude and dedication to ensuring customer satisfactionPositive attitude and ability to work well within a team environmentBackground in Retail or RestaurantLeadership skills Key Words: Marketing, Sales, Customer Service, Entry Level, Junior, Promotions, Advertising, Communications, Brand, Events.
The Job Window has an exciting opportunity for an Entry Level Customer Relations & Customer Service representative on behalf of our client, a local marketing firm focused on customer acquisition. This client is looking for an individual who possesses a big-picture mentality and is able to help with the expansion of new locations. The entry level Customer Relations Associate must demonstrate unmatched interpersonal skills and be able to become the “face" of the company for the client. Restaurant, Retail, and Hospitality professionals particularly excel in this position as they are able to apply a personal touch to all consumer interactions.This local firm has developed a reputation for attracting exceptional individuals who are passionate about customer service and excel in a performance driven environment. Those individuals who demonstrate leadership ability will also be considered for more management level positions after an initial evaluation in the first few months. We do not expect you to be an expert on day one, but through extensive training, there will be many opportunities to demonstrate your management ability.Required TasksEngage with the targeted audience in a professional and welcoming manner and determine qualification statusAlign customer needs with product and service offeringsCreate lead generations for high profile clientsPromote brand awareness in large retail locationsSet-up and maintain in-store service event operations What Makes Our Client Different?Our client’s tailored marketing and advertising campaigns allow them to use a more personal approach to the development and growth of their promoting brands. This firm’s philosophy emphasizes the importance of leading by example and having a comprehensive understanding of the entire business model. Their training program provides exposure to all facets of the campaigns as well as an opportunity for leadership and management positions. Finally, the progressive management culture is unlike any other firm, where the development of team members is as important as the services rendered. RequirementsOur clients management team search is focused on individuals who are dedicated to consistently driving high standards and achieving customer service excellence. Those who adept at building relationships, and have a single-minded focus on delivering quality should apply.Although limited related experience is required, the following critical attributes are preferred:Above average people skillsExcellent leadership abilitiesGreat communication skillsWinning attitudeGreat work ethic and ambition Benefits of the Customer Service Position:Comprehensive Paid Training by a National ManagerNational and International Travel for Company EventsOpportunity For Community and Charity InvolvementFlexible SchedulingNumerous Advancement OpportunitiesIf you are willing to learn then we can also train you!Experience in customer service and associated fieldsAbility to adapt to a variety of peopleWinning attitude and dedication to ensuring customer satisfactionPositive attitude and ability to work well within a team environmentBackground in Retail or RestaurantLeadership skills Key Words: Marketing, Sales, Customer Service, Entry Level, Junior, Promotions, Advertising, Communications, Brand, Events.
Report this job About the Job ENTRY LEVEL~ FILLING IMMEDIATELY!!! Degree...No Experience? Experience... No Degree? FULL PAID TRAINING PROVIDED!CUSTOMER SERVICEMARKETINGCAMPAIGN DEVELOPMENT/ PR ADVERTISINGMANAGEMENT / ASSISTANT MANAGEMENT We are looking for people with potential and an ambitious drive, rather than experience, to aggressively expand in the area! We have an aggressive expansion plan laid out and are looking to find a person who would love to work in a, fun, competitive, positive-minded environment. What We Do: WE ARE AN OUTSOURCING CUSTOMER ACQUISITION FIRM! That means our clients hire us to provide a personal touch with customers that they can’t do themselves and don’t trust anyone else to do. Because our personal approach has proved to be so successful, we do not do any telemarketing or direct mail. We also do not do residential sales! We offer a salary or commission with bonuses available.RequirementsWho We're Looking For: You must be ENTRY LEVEL.You must possess great people skills.You must demonstrate excellent work ethic.You must have a positive business attitude like the rest of our enthusiastic staff.You must be confident you'll be successful, just waiting for a career opportunity where you can prove yourself.          Related Keywords: marketing, advertising, sales, event marketing, entry level, entry level management, entry level sales, entry level marketing, public relations, customer service, retail, restaurant, hospitality, sports, entertainment, events, campaigns, promotions, event planning, promotional sales Report
Report this job About the Job Apply Today, Start Tomorrow! Immediate Openings! Entry Level Sales / Marketing / Customer Service We are one of the premier marketing and advertising firms in the area. We specialize in gaining a fast, measurable advantage for our clients. We recently signed 10 major clients in a wide variety of industries. In addition to creating a positive image for our clients, the key to our success and growth is the ability to generate a greater market share for each and every client. In order to deliver results to our clients, we are in need of entry level sales and marketing reps to assist in the sales, marketing, and customer service work we conduct for our clients.   We are filling entry-level sales, marketing, advertising and customer service positions. Opportunity for management position.  Exposure to the following fields:  Marketing and AdvertisingPromotional SalesCampaign ManagementTeam ManagementPersonnel / InterviewingFace to Face Customer ServiceDevelopment of Marketing Plans We need enthusiastic, goal oriented individuals, who want to succeed in a competitive high energy environment.  We are offering:  Strong performance based pay structureFun and positive work environmentOpportunity for managementOptional travelUnlimited opportunities We are filling entry level positions with individuals that have a track record of commitment, ambition, and leadership either through their athletic teams, in their participation in organizations on campus, or in their community. All majors and backgrounds will be considered. We will provide individuals with excellent leadership, guidance, a competitive merit based compensation, and a challenging career path. This is an entry level position so college graduates or people looking to get their foot in the door are encouraged to apply.RequirementsExcellent communication skillsLeadership experienceAbility to work in a high energy environmentAmbition, strong work ethic, and open to new ideasBe a self-starter with problem solving skillsBe a career oriented individualMust have a vehicle*** For immediate consideration please submit resumes online.                                    related keywords: sales, marketing, entry level, customer service, public relations, advertising, business, management opportunity, advertising, customer service, sales, sports, general, other, retail, restaurant, hospitality, promotions, entertainment, sales and marketing, business administration, mass communications Report
The Job Window has an exciting opportunity for an Entry Level Customer Relations & Customer Service representative on behalf of our client, a local marketing firm focused on customer acquisition. This client is looking for an individual who possesses a big-picture mentality and is able to help with the expansion of new locations. The entry level Customer Relations Associate must demonstrate unmatched interpersonal skills and be able to become the “face" of the company for the client. Restaurant, Retail, and Hospitality professionals particularly excel in this position as they are able to apply a personal touch to all consumer interactions.This local firm has developed a reputation for attracting exceptional individuals who are passionate about customer service and excel in a performance driven environment. Those individuals who demonstrate leadership ability will also be considered for more management level positions after an initial evaluation in the first few months. We do not expect you to be an expert on day one, but through extensive training, there will be many opportunities to demonstrate your management ability.Required TasksEngage with the targeted audience in a professional and welcoming manner and determine qualification statusAlign customer needs with product and service offeringsCreate lead generations for high profile clientsPromote brand awareness in large retail locationsSet-up and maintain in-store service event operations What Makes Our Client Different?Our client’s tailored marketing and advertising campaigns allow them to use a more personal approach to the development and growth of their promoting brands. This firm’s philosophy emphasizes the importance of leading by example and having a comprehensive understanding of the entire business model. Their training program provides exposure to all facets of the campaigns as well as an opportunity for leadership and management positions. Finally, the progressive management culture is unlike any other firm, where the development of team members is as important as the services rendered. Job Requirements:Our clients management team search is focused on individuals who are dedicated to consistently driving high standards and achieving customer service excellence. Those who adept at building relationships, and have a single-minded focus on delivering quality should apply.Although limited related experience is required, the following critical attributes are preferred:Above average people skillsExcellent leadership abilitiesGreat communication skillsWinning attitudeGreat work ethic and ambition Benefits of the Customer Service Position:Comprehensive Paid Training by a National ManagerNational and International Travel for Company EventsOpportunity For Community and Charity InvolvementFlexible SchedulingNumerous Advancement OpportunitiesRequirementsExperience in customer service and associated fieldsAbility to adapt to a variety of peopleWinning attitude and dedication to ensuring customer satisfactionPositive attitude and ability to work well within a team environmentBackground in Retail or RestaurantLeadership skills Key Words: Marketing, Sales, Entry Level, Promotions, Advertising, Customer Service, Communications, Junior, Public Relations.
Report this job About the Job Want to finally earn what you’re worth? We have a job opportunity for the independent-minded professional. National Income makes a difference by helping protect people financially. We also believe in giving back to the communities around us. Our people make us a great company, and we’re always looking for community-focused individuals to join our team.We are currently interviewing entry level and senior level applicants who are service-minded and want to help people, gain experience and earn the money they deserve. This is a Sales Representative position working one-on-one with families in the community. There is flexibility and room for advancement.5 Reasons To Choose A Job With National IncomeYou will be supporting the needs of people in the community and making an impact.You get hands-on training while you manage relationships with existing and new customers.The compensation is very competitive.You can benefit from performance awards, incentives and advancement opportunities.You only need a high school diploma or equivalent, be independent-minded and a good communicator.At National Income Life Insurance Company, we treat each of our sales professionals like family. We believe by working together, we can each achieve our personal and professional goals. It is this philosophy that makes a difference and has made us successful. National Income's parent company, American Income Life Insurance Company, was founded more than half a century ago and today, with NILICO, the companies have become an international provider of supplemental life insurance to labor unions, credit unions, and associations.Get to know the people who make our organization successful by visiting us at www.nilcareers.com Take our people’s word for it, not just ours. Report Previous Next {"Caption":"","Images":[{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xnilix/cjt/logo.png","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null},{"Src":"//media.newjobs.com/mm/xnilix/cjt/banner.png","Title":null,"Text":null,"Caption":null}]} ‹ › ×
·         Goodyear owns and operates more than 600 tire and auto service centers nationwide. ·         We offer a fun, fast pace work environment, with competitive base pay and excellent bonus/commission programs. ·         Our comprehensive benefit package includes medical plans, 401k, certification reimbursement and paid vacations. ·         At Goodyear we invest in you and your future by providing excellent training for our technician, sales team and management positions. ·         We offer fast track career advancement opportunities for hard working, team players who can deliver results. ·         If you are looking for more than a job, apply today and begin your career with the tire and auto service innovation leader! The Customer Advisor is responsible for providing an outstanding service experience by making meaningful connections with new and returning customers.  ·         They drive sales and profitability for the store location by selling tires and recommended automotive services through communicating benefits and product features appropriately. ·         The Advisor contributes to promotional merchandising, special events as well as maintains clean and safe work and customer areas. Requirements:                ·         A valid driver's license.·         High school diploma or GED is preferred.·         Must be at least 18 years old.·         Ability to lift an object weighing up to 60 pounds. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:Kforce has a client seeking an Engineer-Customer Support II in Richardson, Texas (TX). Summary: The Technical Assistance Center (TAC) Wireless Team seeks a Customer Support Engineer in Wireless LAN technology to join some of the industry's brightest minds in developing and deploying today's most advanced Internet technologies. The ideal candidate demonstrates an aptitude and appetite for learning new technologies, evidenced by the ability to expand upon core knowledge. This is a great opportunity for someone with patience and an empathetic view of the customer to hone their skills and advance their career, providing value to customers while working with an industry leader in networking technology.Responsibilities: Provide second line phone/email consultation to independently debug complex product problems Act as focal point for large account network problem resolution Act as a technical expert Provide support on a world-wide basis Provide systems/product training to other EngineersREQUIREMENTS: Working knowledge of networking industry, products, and protocolsMinimum 2-5 years of experience designing, deploying, configuring, supporting, troubleshooting, debugging and administering some of the following Wireless LAN products, devices, and technologies for small, medium, large and/or enterprise businesses: Wireless Access Points Wireless Client Association Wireless Controllers CSMA/CA, RTS, CTS protocols RF transmission Antennas IEEE 802.11 standards (a,b,g), 802.1x Wi-Fi 802.1Q Trunking Ether channel Strong understanding of LAN Switching technologies (VLANs) WLAN Security in the areas of authentication, encryption, IDS/IPS using Radius, AAA authentication, EAP, LEAP, PEAP, PSK AES-CCMP encryption (AES - Counter w. CBC MAC protocol) Wireless Sniffers WEP encryption (Wired Equivalent Privacy) WPA (Wi-Fi Protocol Access), WPA2 WLSM, WiSM, WCS Knowledge of PRIME/NMS/MSE/CMX or scripting desired In Addition: Ability to make significant contribution on support communities through posts, articles, and videos Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills Ability to handle critical customer issues/problems and work to resolution Able to determine root cause and resolution for previously unknown problems Exercise good judgment within defined procedures to determine appropriate action Good verbal and written communication skills Interact across TAC teams and development teams at peer level Ability to work effectively with and provide guidance to other members of the teamKforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
·         Goodyear owns and operates more than 600 tire and auto service centers nationwide. ·         We offer a fun, fast pace work environment, with competitive base pay and excellent bonus/commission programs. ·         Our comprehensive benefit package includes medical plans, 401k, certification reimbursement and paid vacations. ·         At Goodyear we invest in you and your future by providing excellent training for our technician, sales team and management positions. ·         We offer fast track career advancement opportunities for hard working, team players who can deliver results. ·         If you are looking for more than a job, apply today and begin your career with the tire and auto service innovation leader! The Customer Advisor is responsible for providing an outstanding service experience by making meaningful connections with new and returning customers.  ·         They drive sales and profitability for the store location by selling tires and recommended automotive services through communicating benefits and product features appropriately. ·         The Advisor contributes to promotional merchandising, special events as well as maintains clean and safe work and customer areas. Requirements:                ·         A valid driver's license.·         High school diploma or GED is preferred.·         Must be at least 18 years old.·         Ability to lift an object weighing up to 60 pounds. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. 
One of the fastest growing Event Marketing and Promotional Advertising firms in your area is looking for YOU to join their customer support and satisfaction team as an Entry Level Customer Service Representative! If you’ve got a willingness to succeed and a great head on your shoulders and you feel you can handle the major responsibilities below. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Entry Level Customer Service Representative Responsibilities:Delivering interesting and exciting product presentations and outlining key product benefits to consumers.Providing an exceptional customer face to face experience.Providing product and customer service support with the goal of informing customers and making sales of featured products.Responsible for product branding, advertising, and promotion.Working with on-site customer service management team to deal with media relations, business communications, success stories Ideal candidates for the Customer Service Representative role will possess the following personal traits that will best help them to successfully perform the essential functions of this role. Full training will be provided so a culture fit is key!Core Competencies of the Entry Level Customer Service Representative:Initiative - Be excited to take on responsibilities and challenges. Leadership - You have a willingness to lead, take charge, offer opinions and direction. Dependability - You must be reliable, responsible, and dependable.Social Orientation - The desire to work with others rather than alone, and being personally connected with others on the job. Attention to Detail is essentialCooperation - Be pleasant with others on the job and display a good-natured, cooperative attitude.Candidate must have a sense of humor, easygoing, but very disciplined. We need a culture fit!  Think you have what it takes? Send us your resume immediately. Only qualified candidates will be contacted for interviews.RequirementsRequirements of the Entry Level Customer Service Representative:Relevant experience in a retail, hospitality, customer service, customer support and a customer based satisfaction role is an asset, however, paid training will be provided.Should be a proactive self-starter with the ability to work independently. Needs strong ability to set priorities, solve problems, and be resourceful under pressure.  
Regus is the world’s leading provider of professional workplaces on demand. VisionTo lead the flexible workplace revolution. PurposeThe Customer Service Representative (CSR) in conjunction with the rest of the centre team plays a key role in delivering an exceptional professional and friendly service to all business centre customer, visitors and prospective clients. The CSR is an extension of our clients business ensuring that they are able to concentrate on their work, while we manage their office needsKey Areas of Responsibility - First point of contact for new and existing customers and visitors therefore providing an exceptional impression and service - Responsible for the day to day running of the centre and providing services including: - Managing switchboards; handling calls of various internal /external clients as well as various Regus areas of business - Managing meeting room booking system - Preparing offices for move-in/ move-outs - Responsible for maintaining and troubleshooting basic IT and telecom technical issues, set up and queries - Resetting Meeting Rooms to accommodate bookings - Administrative tasks- delivering their mail, answering their phones, sending their packages, ordering their office supplies, - Procurement - Demonstrate ownership of the centre to ensure the centre is ‘show ready’ at all times- - Ensure continual upkeep and standards of business centre to include offices, meeting rooms and communal areas - Contributes to the overall revenue of the centre by identifying opportunities to promote Regus products and services - Duties may vary depending on centre needsKey Skills and Experience & CompetenciesKey Skills - Exceptional Customer Service skills, including the ability to remain flexible and calm in high pressure or continually changing situations - Effective and professional communication skills in both local language and English (written and oral) - Solid organisational skills, including the ability to prioritise and multi task in a demanding environment - Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook and the ability to understand further programmes to assist in the day to day centre operations - Ability to operate basic office equipmentCompetencies - Ability to build and maintain strong working relationships - Embraces Change - Takes Ownership and uses initiative - Good Communicator - Team Player - ResilientKey Relationships - New and existing customers (In-house clients, Meeting Room Clients, Virtual Office Clients) - Centre team - Line manager
The Customer Service Representative will be responsible for 1-2 active subdivisions for evaluating homeowner claims, scheduling subcontractors and ultimately completing each claim.Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Management of warranty claims. Evaluate claims and schedule subcontractors for completion. Conduct follow-up visits with the homeowner, after Orientation, to assure customer satisfaction (i.e. 10 days, 30 days, 60 days, etc.) Conduct Homeowner Orientations, presentation and demonstration of features, explanation of Limited Warranty and maintenance responsibilities. Completion of QA's prior to New Home Orientation Maintains customer satisfaction of 97% or above Hold subcontractors accountable for any substandard work and quality repairs. Actively participate in weekly team meetings, to assure weekly, monthly goals are met. Required skills: Ability to represent the company in a positive, professional manner with good communication skills. Experience working in a community in a construction or residential home services capacity. Highly organized and detail oriented Ability to manage multiple tasks efficiently Proven provider of consistent and exceptional customer service Find out why KB Home is attracting and retaining the best employees! If you are interested and qualified, please apply now. KB Home provides above average compensation packages and earnings potential, full benefits, an outstanding 401K matching program, bonus plans and amazing promotional opportunities. KB Home is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse work team. Diversity is important to KB Home!
HIRING - PART TIME CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVEA Career That’s Meant to BeAt David’s Bridal, we empower our customers and our employees to stay true to their dreams and find the one, whether that means the wedding dress that matches her personal style—or the career that’s a perfect fit.We’re looking for people with diverse backgrounds and fresh ideas to help create a uniquely personal retail experience.Now Accepting Applications for Customer Service RepresentativeThe Customer Service Representative (CSR) is responsible for providing professional and unsurpassed customer service to each of our David’s Bridal customers. The CSR is the first point of contact for our customers, and in this role, the CSR will provide relevant information about David’s Bridal products and services, respond to all customer inquiries, and provide a friendly and encouraging checkout experience.Our most successful CSR’s are self-motivated individuals with upbeat, outgoing personalities, and excellent communications skills. They enjoy fast-paced environments, are incredible at multi-tasking, and offer friendly and encouraging service to all that enter our stores.If you would like to be part of a dynamic team, start the process as our customers dress for the most important days of their lives, and earn a competitive income, we would love to discuss your future at David’s Bridal.Our store will host interviews over the next two weeks.Customer Service RepresentativeResponsibilities:Welcome DeskGreet each customer that enters the store with courtesy and professionalismRegister brides, bridesmaids, and special occasion customersInform each customer of our return/exchange policies, benefits of our vendor programs, and David’s Bridal Credit CardAssign customer to consultants using the Customer Service ChartPoint of SaleProvide an efficient and friendly checkout experience for customersWrap and package purchased merchandise and present it to customersMaintain responsibility for cash register and cash balancingStarterPrepare for all upcoming appointments by printing the customer’s profile and favorites prior to her appointment timeDress SupportSell dresses by fully dressing and accessorizing bridesmaids, flower girls, mothers of the bride/groom, quinceañera, damas, prom customers, and other special occasion shoppers for their events, as neededMaximize sales and customer satisfaction by providing superior service, each time the customer visits, regardless of the purpose of her visit, as neededExplain services provided by the alterations department to the customer and how alterations can play an important role in enhancing the dress for the event, as neededOther Duties and Responsibilities:Assist in maintaining clean fitting roomsEnsure all merchandise presented to the customer is in first-quality conditionRetrieve dresses from stock room for returning customersMaintain housekeeping standards in the store, including floor recovery, vacuuming, dusting, straightening of merchandise, and upkeep of common areasFollow-up with customers regarding special orders, overdue layaways, and completed ordersProcess all inbound and outbound freight, check-in all merchandise, and utilize the UPS system to process all shipping, transfers, and special orders to and from the storePhysicalAbility to lift and/or move up to 10 pounds, climb, balance, kneel, crouch, bend, twist, and standPart Time AvailableProfessional EnvironmentGenerous Employee Discount After First Pay PeriodIf you are interested in working in our stores, please note that the online application process will take approximately 30 minutes.Now that we’ve popped the question, please say “I do”.<br />#CJT_jobBodyContent p {<br /> margin: 10px !important;<br /> min-height: 13px !important;<br />}<br />
Job Description:THIS IS A GREAT OPPORTUNITY for Inbound Customer Service Professionals to join a dynamic, well-known utilities company in Austin. As a Call Center Customer Service Professional, you will answer incoming calls regarding new and existing customers accounts, questions, concerns and billing inquiries. LOCATION: Near Downtown Austin SKILLS/RESPONSIBILITIES: The ideal candidate must be a dependable, team player with a professional "can-do" attitude. Must be able to multi-task and be well organized with precise attention to detail. Clear verbal and proficient written communication skills. Excellent customer service skills, including strong de-escalation skills and a desire to meet and exceed customer and company expectation Advanced computer and data entry skills are necessary in order to be successful in this rapidly changing work environment! SCHEDULE: 5 week paid training. After training, every New Hire Class starts with the 12pm to 9pm shift Monday to Friday with a rotating Saturday shift from 9am to 1pm once a month. EDUCATION/QUALIFICATIONS: Candidate must have a high school diploma or equivalent, plus at least 2 years of customer service experience. Pay: Step wage increase: Starts at $11.00/hr, increases to $11.24 at 3 months and $13.50 at one year! *Bilingual Stipend: $150 per month before taxes* APPLY TODAY!!!! Interviews are happening now!!!!! Benefits are available! Medical, Time Off, Short Term Disability and Life. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1053223 Job Experience:,,Years of Experience Required:
Our client, a language textbook-technology publisher in the Boston area, is seeking a temporary Customer Service Representative to start immediately for a long-term contract that would go through fall of 2016! The ideal candidate would possess at least one year of previous call center and customer service experience in a corporate setting, delivering high-quality customer service via phone and email, and managing a high volume of incoming phone calls and e-mail correspondence. This person would be professional, positive, and personable, with experience handling escalated calls, and effective written and verbal communication skills. The hours of this role are 9-5 Monday-Friday, although they are flexible to 10-6 and 8-4 depending on candidate availability. This role pays $14/hour. Qualified candidates encouraged to apply today!Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply.Find Us on Facebook!Follow Us on Twitter!Company Profile:Founded by industry leaders to set a new standard in search, career placement and flexible staffing, we deliver coordinated staffing solutions with unparalleled service, a commitment to project completion and success and a passion for innovation, creativity and continuous improvement.Our niche brands provide direct hire, executive search, temporary staffing, contract consulting and temp/contract-to-hire solutions to emerging growth companies and the Fortune 500 across market sectors, career specialties/disciplines and industries. Over time, office locations, specialty practice areas and service offerings will be added to address ever changing constituent needs.Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Pharma and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting www.beaconhillstaffing.com. We look forward to working with you!Beacon Hill. Employing the Future™
Our client is looking for a long term temporary Patient Experience/Customer Service Representative to join their team! The Patient Experience Representative will be responsible for providing positive and effective customer service that supports departmental and hospital operations, scheduling patient encounters and procedures to coordinate within and across providers, departments, and institutions, greeting and directing patients, families and visitors and monitoring daily schedule and patient flow. S/he will also be responsible for collecting and organizing medical records, information, materials and supplies required for admissions or encounters, reconciling payments and preparing deposits providing an accurate accounting of funds and answering, screening and routing telephone calls. Candidates should have a high school level of educational development and one to two years of previous experience such as customer service, administrative, or experience in a health care setting, the ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing and provide empathy in difficult interpersonal situations and have the ability to work with diverse internal and external constituencies. This position is full-time and could lead to a permanent position in the future! Interested candidates should apply today!Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply.Find Us on Facebook!Follow Us on Twitter!Company Profile:Founded by industry leaders to set a new standard in search, career placement and flexible staffing, we deliver coordinated staffing solutions with unparalleled service, a commitment to project completion and success and a passion for innovation, creativity and continuous improvement.Our niche brands provide direct hire, executive search, temporary staffing, contract consulting and temp/contract-to-hire solutions to emerging growth companies and the Fortune 500 across market sectors, career specialties/disciplines and industries. Over time, office locations, specialty practice areas and service offerings will be added to address ever changing constituent needs.Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Pharma and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting www.beaconhillstaffing.com.We look forward to working with you.Beacon Hill. Employing the Future™
Sterling has immediate openings for a Customer Service Representative located in San Francisco, California. Are you….·        Friendly? ·        A team player? ·        Provide outstanding customer service? ·        Interested in a long-term career? Then Sterling Bank & Trust is the place for you!  We are looking to add talented team members who desire to be on a winning team with opportunities for career advancement.   Our Customer Service Representativesare responsible for building account relationships by promoting and cross selling bank products and performing a variety of financial transactions. Qualified candidates will have two years of previous experience with cash handling, sales and customer service.  Previous banking experience preferred.  Candidates who speak English and are bilingual in either Cantonese or Mandarin a plus.  If you are customer service focused with integrity, motivation and excellent interpersonal skills you don’t want to miss this exciting opportunity! For more information and to apply for this position candidates should apply online.  EOE Minorities/Women/Disabled/VetsVEVRAA Federal Contractor
Job Responsibilities 1) Responds to all open scheduling customer follow-up requests and provides proper resolution. 2) Analyzes current-month technician work schedules for optimal placement of work orders. 3) Performs outbound calls to schedule work orders with customers. 4) Update Mission with clear/concise notes indicating details of conversation with customer in response to their request. 5) Regularly work and communicate with technicians, managers, and planners to ensure proper scheduling. Education and Experience Requirements • High School Diploma or General Education Degree (GED); or three to six months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities • Skill in providing superior customer service • Skill in written and verbal communications • Skill in attention to detail • Skill in maintaining time management and organizational skills • Skill in being flexible with work priorities • Ability to multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment • Skill/knowledge with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint) Disclaimer The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by associates assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed. ServiceMaster is committed to Diversity and Inclusion. We encourage diverse candidates to apply to this position. An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer – of Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability Apply Now
Regus is the world’s leading provider of professional workplaces on demand. Vision To lead the flexible workplace revolution. Purpose The Customer Service Representative (CSR) in conjunction with the rest of the centre team plays a key role in delivering an exceptional professional and friendly service to all business centre customer, visitors and prospective clients. The CSR is an extension of our clients business ensuring that they are able to concentrate on their work, while we manage their office needs Key Areas of Responsibility  - First point of contact for new and existing customers and visitors therefore providing an exceptional impression and service  - Responsible for the day to day running of the centre and providing services including:  - Managing switchboards; handling calls of various internal /external clients as well as various Regus areas of business  - Managing meeting room booking system  - Preparing offices for move-in/ move-outs  - Responsible for maintaining and troubleshooting basic IT and telecom technical issues, set up and queries  - Resetting Meeting Rooms to accommodate bookings  - Administrative tasks- delivering their mail, answering their phones, sending their packages, ordering their office supplies,  - Procurement  - Demonstrate ownership of the centre to ensure the centre is ‘show ready’ at all times-  - Ensure continual upkeep and standards of business centre to include offices, meeting rooms and communal areas  - Contributes to the overall revenue of the centre by identifying opportunities to promote Regus products and services  - Duties may vary depending on centre needsKey Skills and Experience & Competencies Key Skills  - Exceptional Customer Service skills, including the ability to remain flexible and calm in high pressure or continually changing situations  - Effective and professional communication skills in both local language and English (written and oral)  - Solid organisational skills, including the ability to prioritise and multi task in a demanding environment  - Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook and the ability to understand further programmes to assist in the day to day centre operations  - Ability to operate basic office equipmentCompetencies  - Ability to build and maintain strong working relationships  - Embraces Change  - Takes Ownership and uses initiative  - Good Communicator  - Team Player  - ResilientKey Relationships  - New and existing customers (In-house clients, Meeting Room Clients, Virtual Office Clients)  - Centre team  - Line manager
Regus is the world’s leading provider of professional workplaces on demand. Vision To lead the flexible workplace revolution. Purpose The Customer Service Representative (CSR) in conjunction with the rest of the centre team plays a key role in delivering an exceptional professional and friendly service to all business centre customer, visitors and prospective clients. The CSR is an extension of our clients business ensuring that they are able to concentrate on their work, while we manage their office needs Key Areas of Responsibility  - First point of contact for new and existing customers and visitors therefore providing an exceptional impression and service  - Responsible for the day to day running of the centre and providing services including:  - Managing switchboards; handling calls of various internal /external clients as well as various Regus areas of business  - Managing meeting room booking system  - Preparing offices for move-in/ move-outs  - Responsible for maintaining and troubleshooting basic IT and telecom technical issues, set up and queries  - Resetting Meeting Rooms to accommodate bookings  - Administrative tasks- delivering their mail, answering their phones, sending their packages, ordering their office supplies,  - Procurement  - Demonstrate ownership of the centre to ensure the centre is ‘show ready’ at all times-  - Ensure continual upkeep and standards of business centre to include offices, meeting rooms and communal areas  - Contributes to the overall revenue of the centre by identifying opportunities to promote Regus products and services  - Duties may vary depending on centre needsKey Skills and Experience & Competencies Key Skills  - Exceptional Customer Service skills, including the ability to remain flexible and calm in high pressure or continually changing situations  - Effective and professional communication skills in both local language and English (written and oral)  - Solid organisational skills, including the ability to prioritise and multi task in a demanding environment  - Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook and the ability to understand further programmes to assist in the day to day centre operations  - Ability to operate basic office equipmentCompetencies  - Ability to build and maintain strong working relationships  - Embraces Change  - Takes Ownership and uses initiative  - Good Communicator  - Team Player  - ResilientKey Relationships  - New and existing customers (In-house clients, Meeting Room Clients, Virtual Office Clients)  - Centre team  - Line manager
Provide the highest level of front-line customer service to Oak Harbor Freight Lines internal and external customers. Provide troubleshooting, shipment tracking, and problem resolution to our customers on multiple levels.Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Provide prompt customer support by listening to customers and responding in a way that resolves their questions and problems and meets or exceeds their expectations. Answer inbound calls in a professional and courteous manner, and provide customer service and order management to OHFL customers, drivers and internal sales force. Trace freight and use troubleshooting skills to track down location of freight that is lost, late, misdirected, etc. Complete dispatch pick-up calls communicating directly with customers to schedule and arrange for freight arrival according to customer requirements. Work closely with customers to develop positive working relationships and to expand freight opportunities wherever possible. Using OHFL systems, enter data into computer system and use information to answer questions and problems as they arise. General office duties and other duties as assigned.Experience, Skills and Qualifications:1-2 years’ experience in a role requiring extensive customer interaction. Demonstrated ability to work with challenging or difficult customer situations and resolve issues successfully. Excellent communication skills, both written and oral. Strong PC proficiency and experience using MS Office products. AS400 experience preferred but not required. Strong attention to detail and demonstrated ability to organize multiple priorities and projects simultaneously Demonstrated ability to organize multiple priorities and projects simultaneously. Ability to successfully complete typing test of 50 WPM and 10-key test of 190 SPM. H.S. diploma or GED/equivalent.
Job Description:Outstanding opportunity to put your E commerce sales support experience to use. You will take on the role of assisting in the implementation and data analysis of this leading firm's e commerce site. Your prior admin support role is a plus especially if you have been dealing with any Amazon projects. Great atmosphere in a family oriented firm make this a great situation to look into. You will need a solid skill set with MS Office with a heavy emphasis on Excel. Free parking and a business casual environment await the new team member. If you have a solid admin background and have experience dealing with web sites then contact us asap. Please send a short cover letter with your resume and apply today. We are an equal employment opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates without regard to disability or protected veteran status. You can view all of our jobs online at http://www.appleone.com/?sc=11&id=1075398 Job Experience:,Years of Experience Required:
Customer Service Rep – Nashville, TN – Contract to Possible HireCompany Profile:Our client is a well-established intermodal transportation company with offices nation-wide. This company continues to be leader in their industry and has been in business for over 35 years. Our client handles freight transportation utilizing rail logistics to capitalize on the advantages of rail transportation. Features and Benefits while On Contract:Look beyond your average Staffing Firm and enjoy outstanding benefits from DAY 1!Enroll right away and avoid the ACA Individual Mandate PenaltyOpt in to receive coverage of medical, dental, and vision insurance.Access to short-term disability and life insurance Benefits are open to you the employee, your dependents, and/or your spouseFeatures and Benefits:The company offers traditional benefits including: Health, Dental, and Vision insurancePaid Time Off (PTO) Paid holidays Customer Service Rep Position:The Customer Service Rep will handle a variety of responsibilities involving customer support, logistics, shipping, and administrative support. Daily duties will include:•    Answer phone calls from customers•    Order entry for customer shipments •    Process and confirm orders including customer follow up•    Maintain organization of shipments including filing and scanning documents •    Communicate with various departments regarding customer orders/shipments•    Track work orders and shipments •    Verify and confirm customer information for billing and shipments•    Assist with review and process of invoicing for billing purposesThe Customer Service Rep will take on additional responsibilities relating to shipping and logistics. Someone with a trucking or logistics background would be helpful. Background Profile: 1-2+ years of related experienceBilingual in Spanish and English would be helpful, not requiredHS DiplomaTrucking or logistics industry preferredMS Office proficiency including Word, Excel, and Outlook Please visit us at https://www.frontlinesourcegroup.com/the-woodlands.html and https://www.frontlinesourcegroup.com/accounting-finance.html Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/V/D.  Candidates must have authorization to work in the U.S.  Clients will not sponsor visas.Frontline Source Group specializes in matching top talent with companies for direct hire, contract, contract-to-hire, temporary, and temp to hire placements in Accounting, Finance, Information Technology/ IT, Human Resources, Administrative, Executive Assistant, Customer Service, Healthcare, Engineering, and Oil & Gas. We work with clients and candidates in all areas of the United States and have offices throughout Texas (Arlington, Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth, Frisco, Houston – Downtown, Houston – Galleria, Houston – West, Irving, Katy, Lewisville, Plano, Richardson, San Antonio, Sugar Land, and The Woodlands), Tennessee (Nashville and Brentwood), Arizona (Phoenix and Scottsdale), Oklahoma (Oklahoma City), and Colorado (Denver and Denver DTC). 
Report this job About the Job Customer Service RepresentativeThe Tribune-Democrat, the region' s largest daily newspaper, is hiring a Customer Service Representative for our Classified Department. Our Customer Service Representatives are the very face of The Tribune-Democrat, and their performance has a huge impact on our performance and customer perceptions. The ideal candidate will be computer literate, must be able to multi-task and have a positive, pleasant attitude along with some telephone sales experience preferred. Customer Service Responsibilities Include:-Providing service to our customers and educating them on products and services provided by The Tribune-Democrat.-Classified Pagination in Quark-Handling payment transactions-Cash register & payment transactions -Input ads into Classified system, plus outbound calls.-Use of Postage Meter for outgoing mailJob Requirements:-An Associate' s Degree in marketing, communications or business is required. Entry level job seekers with a proven track record are encouraged to apply.Pay and Benefits:The Tribune-Democrat offers: -Hourly wage & Paid Holidays -Accrued time off /Ongoing training -Advancement opportunities Apply today to:Betsy Konar, Classified Supervisor bkonar@tribdem.com Include resume and cover letter.Before September 30, 2016.This job listing brought to you by The Johnstown Tribune Democrat Report
Looking for a new job?  Sedona Staffing Services is currently searching for a motivated ENTRY LEVEL Customer Service Professional to join our TEAM.  Sedona Staffing has been in the Dubuque area since 1993 and is always looking for top talent.  If you're someone who likes to sit in the background and wait for things to happen; this isn't the job for you....HOWEVER, if you love to "WIN" and strive for success every day; contact us for more details!This is a full time, 40 hour per week, position, requiring flexibility to work between 8am-7pm Monday-Friday based on company needs.  Qualifications:Exceptional proficiency with Microsoft applicationsPrior customer service experience requiredStrong organizational skillsAbility to create relationships while utilizing your communication skillsStrong sense of pride in accomplishing tasks/dutiesWanting to learn new skills dailyReady and willing to come into work today with the attitude of WINNINGIf this position sounds like a fit; CALL or EMAIL Sedona Staffing today to learn more.  All applicants must complete a series of Prove-IT computer evaluations; to include MS Office (Word/Excel/Outlook) as well as a typing and data entry evaluation. How to Apply:Email - JoeV@careerpros.com -- include why you think you would be a great fitCall - 563.556.3040Stop In - 2065 Holliday Drive, Dubuque IA (Located off the NW Arterial near Asbury Road) Sedona Staffing Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Customer Service Representative Job in Edison, NJ Are you ready to start your career with a company that offers growth, challenge and a commitment to excellence? Our client is currently hiring for a Customer Service Representative Job located in Edison, NJ. The ideal candidate will be able to communicate effectively and professionally with all individuals. This position offers a competitive salary as well as a benefits package.  The Customer Service Representative Job responsibilities include: Meet deadlines to ensure that orders are received on time to maximize salesProvide inbound and outbound customer service phone and email support to customers with questions, issues, or requesting servicesAnswers telephone inquiries for the day to day concerns or issues following standard operating procedures, or redirect calls to inside sales/customer relationship manager, outside sales or technical supportAssess the customer’s needs and direct the caller to the key point of contact with customers promoting positive relationships  Qualifications for the Customer Service Representative Job include: Some college coursework or degree A minimum of 3-5 years of customer service or sales experience is requiredMust be proficient in Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPointMust be highly motivated, have a strong work ethic, and an earnest willingness to learn Having experience working with Warehouse Management Software is highly desired  If you have a strong interest in the Customer Service Representative position located in Edison, NJ send an email to nikki.potts@ajilon.com AND apply online at www.ajilon.com   
Superior Group is looking for Customer Service/Data Entry (Third Party Resource Specialist) for our Client located in Irving, TX.Researches and verifies eligibility information via online lookups to carrier eligibility websites or by phone with various carriers and updates the state MMIS system. Answers incoming calls from providers, Medicaid recipients, and other entities in relation to private/commercial insurance. Maintains an accuracy of 99% or above on all work activities per contractual obligation with state. Performs other duties as assigned. Knowledge of state Medicaid systems.Ability to be careful and thorough. Ability to build relationships both in person and over the phone. Ability to navigate various websites. Average manual dexterity in use of a PC, phone, sorting, filing and other office machines. Working knowledge of HIPAA privacy and security rules. Ability to organize well. Ability to perform well in team environment. Ability to work independently to meet objectives. Ability to meet deadlines. Develops effective working relationships with internal and external clients. Meets attendance guidelines. Adheres to corporate and office policies. Proactively identify areas of improvements within daily work activities Gain general understanding of Client and office operations Required Skills / Qualifications:High School Diploma Minimum of 1 years’ experience in insurance verifications. Minimum of 2 years’ experience Customers call center environment. Preferred Skills / Qualifications:Associate’s degree.Ability to communicate both verbally and in writing, fluently in English. Ability to work proficiently with company software used on the project (i.e. Microsoft Word, Excel, Image Now, etc.). Go Beyond. EEO Employer - Minorities / Females / Disabled / Veterans / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity.
Job Responsibilities 1) Responds to all open scheduling customer follow-up requests and provides proper resolution. 2) Analyzes current-month technician work schedules for optimal placement of work orders. 3) Performs outbound calls to schedule work orders with customers. 4) Update Mission with clear/concise notes indicating details of conversation with customer in response to their request. 5) Regularly work and communicate with technicians, managers, and planners to ensure proper scheduling. Education and Experience Requirements • High School Diploma or General Education Degree (GED); or three to six months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities • Skill in providing superior customer service • Skill in written and verbal communications • Skill in attention to detail • Skill in maintaining time management and organizational skills • Skill in being flexible with work priorities • Ability to multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment • Skill/knowledge with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint) Disclaimer The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by associates assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed. ServiceMaster is committed to Diversity and Inclusion. We encourage diverse candidates to apply to this position. An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer – of Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability Apply Now
Regus is the world’s leading provider of professional workplaces on demand. Vision To lead the flexible workplace revolution. Purpose The Customer Service Representative (CSR) in conjunction with the rest of the centre team plays a key role in delivering an exceptional professional and friendly service to all business centre customer, visitors and prospective clients. The CSR is an extension of our clients business ensuring that they are able to concentrate on their work, while we manage their office needs Key Areas of Responsibility  - First point of contact for new and existing customers and visitors therefore providing an exceptional impression and service  - Responsible for the day to day running of the centre and providing services including:  - Managing switchboards; handling calls of various internal /external clients as well as various Regus areas of business  - Managing meeting room booking system  - Preparing offices for move-in/ move-outs  - Responsible for maintaining and troubleshooting basic IT and telecom technical issues, set up and queries  - Resetting Meeting Rooms to accommodate bookings  - Administrative tasks- delivering their mail, answering their phones, sending their packages, ordering their office supplies,  - Procurement  - Demonstrate ownership of the centre to ensure the centre is ‘show ready’ at all times-  - Ensure continual upkeep and standards of business centre to include offices, meeting rooms and communal areas  - Contributes to the overall revenue of the centre by identifying opportunities to promote Regus products and services  - Duties may vary depending on centre needsKey Skills and Experience & Competencies Key Skills  - Exceptional Customer Service skills, including the ability to remain flexible and calm in high pressure or continually changing situations  - Effective and professional communication skills in both local language and English (written and oral)  - Solid organisational skills, including the ability to prioritise and multi task in a demanding environment  - Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook and the ability to understand further programmes to assist in the day to day centre operations  - Ability to operate basic office equipmentCompetencies  - Ability to build and maintain strong working relationships  - Embraces Change  - Takes Ownership and uses initiative  - Good Communicator  - Team Player  - ResilientKey Relationships  - New and existing customers (In-house clients, Meeting Room Clients, Virtual Office Clients)  - Centre team  - Line manager
Are you looking for a customer service position to boost your career? This is an excellent opportunity for customer service candidates to gain invaluable experience with a top, Fortune 100 employer in the downtown Columbus area.Randstad is a $22.0 billion global provider of HR services and the second largest staffing organization in the world. Randstad holds top positions around the world and has approximately 29,300 corporate employees and around 4,500 branches and in-house locations in 39 countries around the world. Founded in 1960 and headquartered in Diemen, the Netherlands, Randstad Holding nv is listed on the NYSE Euronext Amsterdam.We have an immediate need to staff 3 Member Care Representatives with our client, a leader in the field of financial services and insurance. Your hourly pay rate is $14.00! These positions could potentially lead to dramatic career growth and progression with one of the largest employers in the Columbus, Ohio area! We are seeking energetic, customer focused individuals with solid computer, written, and oral communication skills to handle escalated situations that will arise as a result of a new program/product launch at our client (A large Insurance company located in the Arena District). This position is responsible for researching questions/ issues and then communicating your findings with members and business partners through email (75%) and phone (25%) using company approved response templates.Working hours: We will be staffing for two shifts. The first shift will be either 6am to 2:30p or 7a to 3:30p. The second shift will be 2:30 pm to 11 pm.Skills:Candidates must have:- A completed or near completed, bachelor's degree (preferably in business, or related field)- At least one and a half years of experience in customer service environment- Experience handling moderate call volume- Skilled in communicating messages and managing interactions.- Familiar with insurance products and customer service concepts--Excellent written and verbal communication skills--Work independently to take effective action--Able to adapt well to change--Effective problem solving skills--Proficient skills in computer navigation and using multiple programs at one timeWe will be staffing for two shifts. The first shift will be either 6am to 2:30p or 7a to 3:30p. The second shift will be 2:30p to 11p.If you are interested and qualified for this position please reply to this ad with your resume attached. Please include in your reply which shift(s) you are interested and available for. Qualified candidates will be contacted immediately for next steps and interview.Qualified candidates should submit a resume to Michelle.Liggett@randstadusa.com for immediate consideration.Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.
.Superior group is looking for a Customer Service Representative-Paychex Insurance Agency for our client located in Indianapolis, IN. This position pays $15 per hour and is a expected to be a 6 month contract with possibility of being hired on. Shift is 10:00 AM-7 PM.Responsible for client set-up, ongoing administration and is the face of a current product offering of client called, Employer Shared Responsibility Services (ESR). Responds to written and phone inquiries from clients using ESR services. Responds to inquiries and provides technical product support to Sales and Operations partners.Responds to written and phone inquiries from client, Sales and Operations partners and places outbound calls to clients and Sales and Operations partners as required by the business unit to support onboarding of ESR clients, grant client access to client Health & Benefits website, resolve questions about Analysis & Monitoring reports and IRS 6056 Tax Filing and questions about the Employer Shared Mandate regulations.Gathers and interprets data from internal resources such as AskIt, iComm, Salesforce and external resources such as the IRS website, Department of Treasury, etc. to solve issues relating to ESR services, while maintaining positive and professional relationships with internal and external partners.Utilizes analysis and problem solving skills and makes appropriate recommendations to clients and Sales and Operations partners ensuring all client inquiries are resolved appropriately and accurately.Develops and maintains knowledge of new and existing client account set-ups, their corresponding systems and ESR processes to ensure resolution of client issues.Maintains accurate recording of all internal and external communications in order to document client needs and the client replies.Acts as a resource in product related projects pertaining to the ESR Regulations, product testing, or training sessions as requiredTrains and mentors less experience client and Contract employees within the group when required to ensure all staff is current on policies and procedures.Responsible for meeting departmental service level agreements within ESR Services.Responsible for ongoing client satisfaction through process and service efficiency.Strong verbal and written communications, analytical and mathematical skills, prioritization and organizational skills are required.Required Skills / Qualifications: Minimum of 2 years’ experience in customer service, sales or insurance. Preferred Skills / Qualifications:BA/BS degree in Business is preferred.Go Beyond. www.superiorjobs.com EEO Employer ? Minorities / Females / Disabled / Veterans / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity.
Join the Leader in the Home Healthcare Industry! Let us be Your Road to Success Rotech Healthcare Inc. is seeking a dedicated Customer Service Representative who wants to be part of a company that makes a difference in patients' lives. In this role, you will be responsible for performing all tasks and communication related to the intake of patient information concerning the service of durable medical equipment and respiratory service and supplies.   Why work for Rotech? If we take a look at all the ways employees benefit from working at Rotech, we have a philosophy we like to call: “The Rotech Difference.” What's the Rotech Difference? It's made up of all the benefits, services and offerings available to Rotech Employees. It is the employee-based strategies that make our company an employer of choice in the healthcare industry. As a member of the Rotech Healthcare Team, employees can take advantage of many great opportunities as part of their career path. Job Responsibilities: Communicates with patients/clients and referral sources both verbally and in writing to ensure patient/client questions and concerns are processed in a timely manner Coordinates all patient information, processes paperwork, including preparation of file for Billing Department, and completes batch reports for UPS deliveries Complies with all applicable company policies and procedures to meet JCAHO and company standards Processes paperwork-confirms tickets, inputs new patient set-ups, and assembles charts Completes SOPs/CMNs and documents on tracking log Verifies Medicare, Medicaid, and private insurance coverage information Clears previous day’s route and checks all paperwork for accuracy and completeness Prepares deposit for location on a weekly basis Maintains referral log Provides service for all retail/walk-in equipment requests Job Requirements: High school diploma or GED equivalent Employment is contingent upon a drug screening test and background investigation Experience in medical field and administrative record management PHYSICAL DEMANDS: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or listen. The employee is occasionally required to walk. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision Competencies: Knowledge of Medical terminology Knowledge of medical billing practices Knowledge of billing reimbursement Knowledge of insurance policies and requirements Strong customer service experience Benefits: ­Competitive Compensation Career Path and Management opportunities Health and wellness benefits to include medical, dental, prescription and vision plans, short term and long term disability, supplemental life insurance and flexible spending accounts Employee Assistance program PTO and paid holidays 401K Bonus' Employee Discounts Employee Referral program Employee Recognition program Make the right move, Contact us today! This application process will take approximately 15-20 minutes to complete. The hiring manager will review your resume and contact you if your qualifications match our needs. We appreciate your interest in Rotech Healthcare Inc. Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individual with Disabilities Rotech Healthcare Inc. recruits, employs, trains, promotes, transfers, separates from employment and compensates employees without regard to membership in, association with, or perception of race, color, age, gender, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, pregnancy or any other personal characteristic protected by applicable federal, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in each locality where Rotech has employees.
Adecco is currently assisting a local company in their search to fill multiple Call Center Representative jobs in Brunswick, GA. These are long term seasonal opportunities. You will be assisting customers with varying levels of questions, inquiries, or requests. Previous customer service or call center experience is a plus but not required - entry level candidates are welcome to apply. Apply Now if you meet the qualifications listed below!Responsibilities for this Call Center Representative job include:- Interact with customers via telephone to provide information- Process transactions and reply to inquiries about products and services- Use computer system to track, gather information, and/or troubleshoot customer issues- Record customer service interactions, details of inquiries, complaints, or comments, as well as actions taken- Achieve productivity standards and goals while maintaining the highest level of customer service- Refer unresolved customer issues to designated call center department or supervisor for resolutionQualifications:- Must have a High School Diploma or GED- Previous customer service or call center experience is plus; entry level candidates are welcome to apply- Must be computer literate - Proficient with Email and Microsoft Word - Excellent verbal and written communication skills- Ability to make good decisions and resolve issues in a clear and calm matterApply Now if you are interested in this Call Center Representative job in Brunswick, GA! Please contact the Brunswick Recruitment Team at 912-289-5627 if you have any questions.Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled
UPS is hiring individuals to work as Customer Counter Associates. This work involves contact with customers who are shipping packages. You will check shipping addresses, perform packaging quality inspections and complete sales transactions. Some computer work is also required, including package tracking, package processing and daily records accounting.This is a physical, sometimes fast-paced position that involves lifting, lowering and sliding packages that typically weigh 25 - 35 lbs. and may weigh up to 70 lbs. Part-time employees usually work four to five hours each weekday (Monday through Friday) and typically do not work on weekends or selected holidays. Shift schedules vary between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 8:00 p.m. UPS is an equal opportunity employer – race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/sexual orientation/gender identity
About Aramark                                                                                                                    Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) is in the customer service business across food, facilities and uniforms, wherever people work, learn, recover, and play. United by a passion to serve, our more than 270,000 employees deliver experiences that enrich and nourish the lives of millions of people in 22 countries around the world every day.  Aramark is recognized among the Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE and the World’s Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter. Responsibilities Aramark Uniform Services (AUS) provides uniforms and related products to more than 400,000 customers nationwide, in virtually every industry.  From designing and manufacturing to laundering and delivering, AUS works with local and national clients to create and maintain a total uniform solution that promotes teamwork and establishes a professional identity.  AUS operates from over 200 locations nationwide and has an immediate opportunity for a Customer Service Representative in Lexington, KY.   This Customer Service Representative position is responsible for providing exceptional service to customers in a professional manner.  Handling incoming calls with the objective of one-call resolution.  Facilitate and resolve issues with discrepancies and/or customer complaints to insure consistent customer satisfaction.   Responsible for auditing company service programs to ensure compliance with 100% follow up through customer call backs.    SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES: Handle inbound customer calls and provide requested information on all available items, pricing, and service of the customer’s account. Efficiently and accurately record all information including any notes related to the customer’s issue or account. Provide quality customer service through one-call resolution and establishing long-term customer relationships. Develop, execute and measure resolution plans and strategies that are specific to individual customer requirements. Build and maintain inter-departmental relationships in order to ensure customer’s situation is handled, managing company guidelines and customer expectations. Utilize decision making and trouble-shooting skills to resolve customer concerns in relation to pricing, invoicing, service delivery, and any other item related issues. Identify, manage and enforce company service programs to ensure 100% process compliance. Alert management to service concerns not resolved in a timely and acceptable manner. Identify and communicate service trends. Performs other duties as required or assigned in accordance with scope of activities enumerated above.   Qualifications KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES: Strong knowledge of customer service processes including handling complaints, inventory or product availability, service issues and Accounts Receivable Ability to take initiative and strong sense of urgency Excellent communication skills to include answering phones professionally Proven worth ethic, positive attitude and a team player who enjoys a challenge Ability to work with all company software used to manage and maintain customers Excellent analytical and problem solving skills, with an attention to detail Capable of completing one-call customer resolution Must have the ability to monitor and drive all company service programs Experience with Oracle Teleservice application a plus Experience with Cisco CTI a plus Schedule flexibility to include day, nights, weekends and overtime EDUCATION: High school degree  Bachelor’s degree is preferred, but not required EXPERIENCE: Two years of customer service experience, and proven track record in a high call volume environment preferred.  
RESPONSIBILITIES:Kforce has a client that is seeking a Customer Success Manager in San Jose, California (CA).Role and Responsibilities: Present credible, competent and passionate knowledge of the cloud based platform (EMSP) Develop a sufficient technical proficiency on mobility, SaaS and understanding of EMSP use cases and delivery capabilities Working with Account teams and customer resources to properly understand business and IT objectives and scope, propose appropriate actions, and team with clients, partners, and other company business units to accomplish objectives Comfortable in executive discussions as well as working with Line of Business and IT departments Leading multiple concurrent project initiatives from proposal through implementation and client acceptance Ensuring projects are delivered on time and exceed client expectations Ensure effective and timely communication within the project teams and across the BU functions to ensure alignment and customer success Generate and lead new business initiatives within existing client base Assist pre-sales efforts by serving as a subject matter expert on deployments, leveraging best practices Developing or identifying best practices and developing collateral around them Develop and nurture strong relationships within customer base and company account teamsREQUIREMENTS:Minimum Qualifications: Prefer at least 4-year undergrad degree with demonstrated success in managing complex deploymentsSoft Skill Sets required: 5 years' experience managing complex IT deployments, preferable in Mobility space 2 years' experience in Mobility space or wireless networking Excellent negotiation, and written and oral communication skills Strong customer facing skills, including ability to establish credibility with CxO level, director level and technical professionals Ability to propose and present plans and drive alignment Ability to execute and deliver on agreed upon project plans Proven ability to document comprehensive project plans and recommendationsDesired Skills: Experience with mobile experience creation (native, browser, etc) Experience in managing or implementing complex projects based on mobile experiences leveraging Wi-Fi, beacon or other triggers to provide contextual awareness SaaS experience, preferably in mobility space Agile development methodology experience is a plus
1101 Marketing Group provides marketing campaigns for national accounts in the Cincinnati, OH area. We provides customers with the everyday value and uncompromising customer service that has made us so successful. We are now accepting applications for Entry Level Customer Service Representatives and Entry Level Manager Trainees to grow with our business. Be part of an exciting, fun work environment while helping to develop the Cincinnati, OH market.                                                                                              Major Task:- Responsibilities of an Entry Level Customer Service Representative and Entry Level Manager Trainees is to establish strong customer relations while representing national and local clients professionally- You will also attend and participate in meetings to increase marketing and training abilities while honing in on the leadership skill sets preparing candidates for management.- You will also be completing relevant paperwork accurately and in a timely manner and continually updating your product and market knowledge.RequirementsJob Qualifications:-  Ability to work cooperatively as part of a team.-  Interact with customers to provide top notch service.-  Access to reliable transportation is recommended but not required.-  Upbeat, energetic, positive personality-  College degree or relevant work experience-  Sales and/or marketing experience a plus, but not required-  Competitive and proactive attitude-  Confident demeanor-  In-person sales with customers-  Strong student mentality All of our positions are with a base pay with a bonus and commission structure on topThere are no door to door, business to business, or telemarketing positions here If you are interested in a full time, base pay positionwith the opportunity to advance into management,APPLY TODAY! Positions are limited.careers@1101marketing.com[Twitter][Facebook] [Google+] [LinkedIn] [1101 Marketing] Candidates with the following interests should apply: Sales, inside sales, sales management, sales manager, account sales, strategic sales, field sales, promotional sales, entry level sales, sales training, account manager, sales closing, marketing, marketing communications, marketing management, entry level marketing, marketing training, product marketing, direct marketing, promotional marketing, marketing campaigns, management, business management, business development, business administration, entrepreneurship, business growth, business ethics, acquisitions management, management strategy, customer service, retail, restaurant experience, hospitality experience, entertainment, client relations, customer acquisition, advertising, public relations, direct advertising, college graduates, internship, full time, part time, promotions, campaigns, sports minded.
Retail Customer Service Sales AssociateMen's Wearhouse is looking for talented Retail Sales Associate candidates that have a passion for providing world class service to customers and employees.  As a Customer Service Retail Sales Associate you will learn and demonstrate tuxedo product knowledge including sizing, style, and accessory options, accurately complete all appropriate paperwork, and ensure timely and accurate data entry, maintain and update in-store rental/sales information and supplies.  You will support managers, sales consultants, and tailors in meeting and maintaining benchmark sales goals.Responsibilities:Learn and demonstrate tuxedo product knowledge including sizing, style, and accessory optionsAssist in the tailor shop as directed by managementAssist with all customer needs, such as alterations appointments, pick-ups, special orders requests and sales.Properly measure customers and assist in style selectionMeet and maintain benchmark retails sales goalsMarket the store tuxedo rental business by attending bridal shows and marketing to prom customers as directed by store managementRequirements:Thrive in a fast-paced and competitive sales environmentAbility to work a flexible schedule including weekends and holidaysAbility to distinguish between fabric patterns and colorsMaintain a professional, well-groomed appearancePrior customer service experience preferredIf you're passionate about collaboratively driving sales in a fun, team oriented environment, Men's Wearhouse had opportunities for you.  Join our team today at www.tmwjobs.com or Click the APPLY NOW!
CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE    First Energy (Mon Power) is seeking a Customer Service Representative in the Akron/Fairlawn area. Are you seeking a new career, with a great work environment and vast advancement opportunity? This position is great for *Recent Grads, *Customer Service Experience, *Retail background. We want candidates who are driven, reliable, and looking to excel! The Customer Service Rep will be responsible for providing timely, knowledgeable and courteous resolution and response to product related inquiries while maintaining the exceptional level of professionalism and customer service standards that the company has attained within the industry. •Resolve customer issues and requests in a prompt and courteous manner •Achieve customer satisfaction in all customer contacts •Responsibilities include initiating trouble calls, creating notifications, performing account maintenance, inputting data as required, and documenting customer notes on accounts •Use effective communication skills with good judgement to resolve customer inquiries Hours/Pay: *Full time 8 hour shifts Monday - Friday *First shift hours. * $11/hr. (($13.65 once hired on!)) Customer Service Reps will start with a staffing agency, and will be hired in once  performance measures are reached. Qualified candidates please submit your resume for immediate consideration.
Location: Cincinnati Regional OfficeAre you looking for a job in a growing industry with new products, new markets and new technology?With locations across the country, Amica Mutual Insurance Company offers opportunities to join this dynamic field with a financially strong and respected insurance provider. Amica, based in Lincoln, RI, is a national writer of auto, homeowners, marine and umbrella insurance. Amica Life Insurance Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary, offers a full line of life insurance products.We are recognized as a leader in customer service and credit this success to our 3,400 employees in 44 offices across the country. Our benefits package includes high-quality medical, dental and vision coverage, short-term and long-term disability insurance and more.Our office located in West Chester, OH is seeking an Associate Account Representative. This position involves telephone contact to sell policies and service existing accounts. Candidates should have previous sales and service experience, a professional telephone manner, and the ability to work well with others. Must be able to pass state insurance license exam and meet continuing education requirements.The position requires excellent interpersonal and communication skills and computer keyboard skills (35 wpm) as well as letter writing and computer processing. Previous insurance background is a plus but not a requirement. Comprehensive training is provided.Equal Opportunity Policy: All qualified applicants who are authorized to work in the United States will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, sex, color, national origin, ethnicity, age, genetic information, disability or sexual orientation. The Age Discrimination in Employment Act prohibits discrimination on the basis of age with respect to individuals who are 40 years of age or older. Employees are subject to the provisions of the Workers' Compensation Act.*cb*MON16HP15
Title Assistant Store Manager - Retail Sales / Customer Service - Covington Auto req ID 5533BR City Covington State Kentucky Job Category Sales Employment Status Full-Time Job Description Love retail sales, but hate working holidays? Passionate about Customer Service, but hate working odd hours? At Extra Space Storage we offer the best of both worlds! Great retail sales environment without the retail hours! At Extra Space Storage we are the best at getting better and we need engaged employees to join our team as we continue to experience amazing growth. OverviewIs your enthusiasm and passion for helping people contagious?  Why not bring them to a new workplace where you can really make your mark? If you enjoy working with other highly engaged people, a culture that embraces innovation, delivering world class customer service, and the opportunity to grow your career – then Extra Space Storage is the place for you!At Extra Space Storage, the Assistant Manager is critical in creating a welcoming environment, creating the cleanest locations in the industry, and identifying customer needs and exceeding their expectations. Extra Space Storage seeks employees that have entrepreneurial, pro-active, positive attitudes, adaptability to change, and integrity. If you possess these qualities and want to join a dynamic, growing organization, then we are excited to hear from you!Benefits A dynamic growing company Competitive pay and benefits A rewarding work environment Opportunity for advancement Great company culture External Requirements Qualifications Successful candidates come from a variety of environments including retail sales, restaurant, sales associate, and other customer-centered selling roles Energetic, outgoing, customer oriented personality A High School diploma /GED equivalent.  College education a plus Ability to perform light maintenance including: changing light bulbs, and removing debris from storage units Minimum one year Customer Service and/or Sales experience Valid driver’s license with access to reliable transportation Willingness to travel to multiple retail locations External Responsibilities Responsibilities As an Assistant Manager you’ll work alongside your team to maximize sales objectives with each prospective customer via the phone, web or in person at your location. Our team members consistently practice exceptional customer service by welcoming future and current customers in a friendly, enthusiastic and professional manner. Assistant Managers work with customers to identify their needs and provide solutions that will add value to their storage experience. It is retail, so you will get the chance to sell/upsell high quality retail merchandise such as boxes, locks, tape and other moving supplies. Our team members enjoy working outdoors. When not taking care of customers in the office, our Assistant Managers spend approximately 50% of their time walking and tending to the property to ensure the facility is kept to the highest of cleanliness standards. This includes cleaning units, sweeping, mopping, changing light bulbs and other general maintenance duties. Successful Assistant Managers need to be able to perform at a high level without constant supervision, but also thrives in a team environment. Salary Range $10.91-$14.73
ENTRY LEVEL CUSTOMER SERVICE - NO TELEMARKETING SALES - FULL TIME Uprooted Consulting is seeking Entry-Level ProfessionalsWe do Sales and Marketing for Fortune 500 Clients For immediate consideration contact us at hr@uprootedconsulting.com   We are NOT a call center!Are you Competitive and looking for a Career?Learn to Manage a Marketing Firm from the Ground Up!Apply and interview now for ENTRY LEVEL customer service and marketing positions starting ASAP!! This is an entry level sales position. Successful candidates can grow to management. Only available for current residents of Central New Jersey and surrounding area with customer service experience! Uprooted Consulting is currently hiring entry level individuals with a customer service background for the Jr. Account Manager position. This is an entry level position that involves learning entry level sales, marketing and customer service techniques followed by all the remaining topics necessary to train & develop you into becoming the manager of one of our marketing offices in the Greater Cincinnati Area. Our marketing firm is the leader in the marketing industry and in tailoring customer service to their needs. Our clients are Fortune 500 companies. Our portfolio includes the most innovative office supply company and one of the nation's largest energy company!Qualifications:You must clearly demonstrate the following qualities:  * Great personality and people skills   * Sharp, professional demeanor   * Excellent communication and follow-through   * Be a self-starter with strong problem-solving abilities   * Be a career-oriented individual searching for rapid growth    * Work well individually and in teams  ***We are NOT a telemarketing company nor do we do any phone sales! ***  For immediate consideration contact us at hr@uprootedconsulting.com  For additional information check out our website at: www.uprootedconsulting.com
Randstad in Chicago is currently seeking Customer Service Representatives for a long term temporary position with our client located conveniently near public transportation in the Loop. This role is with a large and well known call center. The Customer Service Representatives will be providing customer support to customers seeking information on health insurance. Their business hours are Monday- Friday 8:00am to 7:30pm.Typical Duties: -Answering a large amount of inbound calls -Provide information about enrollment processes-Provide information about Medicaid, Medicare, and the Affordable Care ActWorking hours: 8am-7:30pm Monday - FridaySkills:One year of Customer Service RequiredOne year of Call Center experience preferredMust be bilingual English/ Spanish and able to pass an assessmentMust have a Diploma or a GEDApply on line at randstadstaffing.com and make sure to attach a copy of your resume for consideration.Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.
Retail Customer Service Sales AssociateMen's Wearhouse is looking for talented Retail Sales Associate candidates that have a passion for providing world class service to customers and employees.  As a Customer Service Retail Sales Associate you will learn and demonstrate tuxedo product knowledge including sizing, style, and accessory options, accurately complete all appropriate paperwork, and ensure timely and accurate data entry, maintain and update in-store rental/sales information and supplies.  You will support managers, sales consultants, and tailors in meeting and maintaining benchmark sales goals.Responsibilities:Learn and demonstrate tuxedo product knowledge including sizing, style, and accessory optionsAssist in the tailor shop as directed by managementAssist with all customer needs, such as alterations appointments, pick-ups, special orders requests and sales.Properly measure customers and assist in style selectionMeet and maintain benchmark retails sales goalsMarket the store tuxedo rental business by attending bridal shows and marketing to prom customers as directed by store managementRequirements:Thrive in a fast-paced and competitive sales environmentAbility to work a flexible schedule including weekends and holidaysAbility to distinguish between fabric patterns and colorsMaintain a professional, well-groomed appearancePrior customer service experience preferredIf you're passionate about collaboratively driving sales in a fun, team oriented environment, Men's Wearhouse had opportunities for you.  Join our team today at www.tmwjobs.com or Click the APPLY NOW!
Momentum is one of the fastest and most successful marketing and advertising firms in the area and we are currently going through a nationwide expansion. We are hiring entry level and experienced public relation, marketing, and retail representatives. Our firm provides exceptional customer service and continually develops new marketing campaigns for our high profile clients that deal with mainly the beauty/cosmetics, health/wellness, gourmet food, & household industries. WE HAVE OPENED UP NEW OFFICES WITHIN THIS LAST MONTH AND WE ARE LOOKING FOR BOTH ENTRY LEVEL AND EXPERIENCED REPRESENTATIVES TO GET STARTED WITH OUR FIRM. It is our goal to find entry level candidates that enjoy a fast paced environment and face to face retail interaction so that we can train them to become one of the best. RequirementsWe offer Full Time  positions with full paid One on One Training. We pride our business on the employees that we have and their ability to use excellent customer relations to catapult our business to the top.Experience is not necessary but any background in the following is a huge plus:RetailSalesRestaurantMarketingAdvertisingPublic RelationsManagementShift Lead or Team LeadAPPLY TODAY TO SECURE A ONE ON ONE INTERVIEW : MOMENTUM@RESUMESUBMISSION.NET
At Ajilon Professional Staffing, we realize that the only way we can be successful is to help you reach your professionals goals. We know your career is among the most important things in your life. And, we have an exciting opportunity that we’d like to share with you to help you to take that next step. Ajilon Professional Staffing, specializing in the placement of human resources and administrative professionals, is currently seeking a Customer Service Professional for a temp to hire opportunity with a dynamic company. Our client is seeking a Customer Service Professional in Sharonville, OH for a temp to hire opportunity.  The positions daily responsibilities will include, but are not limited to the following: Process customer orders, changes, credits, rebates and returns according to established policy.  Understand the details of each to execute properly.Expedite and track shipments.Handle customer inquiries by telephone, fax or email.Communicate timely feedback to management regarding service issues or customer concerns.Provide support to Sales Representatives, Product Managers and Plant Managers as appropriate.Provide assistance when other CSR's are out of office  The ideal candidate will have the following qualifications: Minimum High School Diploma and two years of experience in customer service.Two year Associate degree in related field preferred.Prior experience in Customer Service environment.Must be proficient in Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint.Prior experience with CRM desirable.Must be detail oriented and results driven.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Work well in a team environment.  If you are interested in this opportunity please contact me today at Brooke.Driscoll@ajilon.com 
CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE    First Energy (Mon Power) is seeking a Customer Service Representative in the Akron/Fairlawn area. Are you seeking a new career, with a great work environment and vast advancement opportunity? This position is great for *Recent Grads, *Customer Service Experience, *Retail background. We want candidates who are driven, reliable, and looking to excel! The Customer Service Rep will be responsible for providing timely, knowledgeable and courteous resolution and response to product related inquiries while maintaining the exceptional level of professionalism and customer service standards that the company has attained within the industry. •Resolve customer issues and requests in a prompt and courteous manner •Achieve customer satisfaction in all customer contacts •Responsibilities include initiating trouble calls, creating notifications, performing account maintenance, inputting data as required, and documenting customer notes on accounts •Use effective communication skills with good judgement to resolve customer inquiries Hours/Pay: *Full time 8 hour shifts Monday - Friday *First shift hours. * $11/hr. (($13.65 once hired on!)) Customer Service Reps will start with a staffing agency, and will be hired in once  performance measures are reached. Qualified candidates please submit your resume for immediate consideration.
At Ajilon Professional Staffing, we realize that the only way we can be successful is to help you reach your professionals goals. We know your career is among the most important things in your life. And, we have an exciting opportunity that we’d like to share with you to help you to take that next step. Ajilon Professional Staffing, specializing in the placement of human resources and administrative professionals, is currently seeking a Customer Service Representative for a temp to hire opportunity with a dynamic company. Our client is seeking a Customer Service Representative for a temp- to hire opportunity.  POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:   General customer service duties: answer or return customer phone calls to assist with any orders, shipments or to resolve any conflicts.Place direct ship orders via Lotus Notes.Order entry pricing procedures, including changes, specials and overbill processes.Research information via computer, binders, reference books or sample boards.Repetitive position: sitting at computer terminal, heavy phone usage & data entry.Additional tasks and responsibilities as defined by the Lead, Supervisor or Manager.Must be punctual and have good attendance.  QUALIFICATIONS: Experience with AS400 or similar database.No disciplinary actions, write-ups or attendance issues within the last 6 months. Experience in flooring industry preferred.1-2 years of call center experience desired.Data Entry experience  If you are interested in this opportunity please contact me today at Brooke.Driscoll@ajilon.com 
 P { margin-bottom: 0.08in; direction: ltr; color: rgb(0, 0, 0); }P.western { font-family: "Times New Roman",serif; font-size: 12pt; }P.cjk { font-family: "Arial Unicode MS",sans-serif; font-size: 12pt; }P.ctl { font-family: "Arial Unicode MS",sans-serif; font-size: 12pt; }A:link { }DO YOU LIKE PEOPLE?ARE YOU TIRED OF SITTING ON THE FREEWAY HOURS A DAY?DO YOU ENJOY TALKING ON THE PHONE?DO YOU LIKE WORKING INDEPENDENTLY?If you answered YES to any/all of these questions this may be the perfect job for you!Who We Are: The Public Group is a privately-held company in Utah with employees nationwide. We provide superior software solutions for government agencies (for over 16 years) and possess a firm understanding of the market and the individual agencies and sectors. Our strength and stability are evidenced in our strategic growth, development of new products, and flexibility to adapt to the changing needs of the government.Visit our website www.thepublicgroup.com to learn more about our products/services.What We Do:The Public Group provides web-based solutions to government agencies striving to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of their Surplus, e-Procurement and Contract Management Programs What We Offer:Health insurance and paid time offOpportunity for AdvancementExcellent work/life balanceCompetitive payWork from home – must have a home office free of familial distractions – we provide the computer equipmentIf you need to relocate there is potential to stay with the companyYou get to work with awesome peopleWhat you will be doing: Are you a deep thinker with a knack for problem solving? Are you a go getter who proactively looks for ways to contribute? Do you adapt to difficult situations and devise ways to overcome obstacles?As an Account Support Representative you will work with government agencies/clients to maintain day-to-day communications and relationship management through training, account support, strategic consulting and problem resolution. In addition, you will:- Develop and maintain strong business relationships with new and existing clients- Interface with client contacts and others in a professional, positive and appropriate manner - Apply knowledge of the full range of our system to the agency- Work under general direction, seek assistance as needed and strive for excellence- Work as a team player to achieve support goals and deliver exemplary customer serviceSkills/Requirements:- Balances work load and tasks, communicating effectively to reliably support your clients, ability to prioritize tasks appropriately- Operates with a high degree of independence- Has home office free of familial distraction- Effectively uses computer and internet software packages such as Firefox, Microsoft Word, Excel, and Macintosh.- Demonstrates strong verbal and written communication skills; including teaching clients how to navigate our system(s)- Effectively utilize internal resources to problem solve and ensure client satisfaction- Ability to make calls daily with minimum 3+ hours talk time to support existing clients- Ability to travel occasionally for training, trade shows, etc.- Must have strong internet connection- Must be able to pass a pre-employment Background Check and Drug Screen- Bachelors degreeThe Public Group is an equal employment opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, or any other protected factors.
At Ajilon Professional Staffing, we realize that the only way we can be successful is to help you reach your professionals goals. We know your career is among the most important things in your life. And, we have an exciting opportunity that we’d like to share with you to help you to take that next step. Ajilon Professional Staffing, specializing in the placement of human resources and administrative professionals, is currently seeking a Customer Service Professional for a temp to hire opportunity with a dynamic company. Our client is seeking a Customer Service Professional in Glendale, OH for a temp to hire opportunity.  The positions daily responsibilities will include, but are not limited to the following: Process customer orders, changes, credits, rebates and returns according to established policy.  Understand the details of each to execute properly.Expedite and track shipments.Handle customer inquiries by telephone, fax or email.Communicate timely feedback to management regarding service issues or customer concerns.Provide support to Sales Representatives, Product Managers and Plant Managers as appropriate.Provide assistance when other CSR's are out of officeMUST HAVE SAP EXPERIENCE  The ideal candidate will have the following qualifications: Minimum High School Diploma and two years of experience in customer service.Two year Associate degree in related field preferred.Prior experience in Customer Service environment.Must be proficient in Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint.Prior experience with CRM desirable.Must be detail oriented and results driven.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Work well in a team environment.  If you are interested in this opportunity please contact me today at Brooke.Driscoll@ajilon.com  
 The Habegger Corporation – Carrier Division in Sharonville, Ohio is seeking a Customer Service Representative who wants to be part of a high performance growing team and desires to experience greater personal success.  Join the Habegger team as we continue to expand our heating and air conditioning business in Cincinnati, Ohio.  The Habegger Corporation is a highly successful 64 year old family owned Distributor of Bryant-Carrier-Mitsubishi-Honeywell-Reznor and other quality branded HVAC products, systems, accessories and parts. As a Customer Service Representative, this position would involve the sale of parts, equipment and supplies to HVAC contractors utilizing the phone, e-commerce, computer and face to face contact with our customers. Some warehouse duties may be required.  Key requirements for this opportunity include: •   Excellent customer service skills and focus•   A solid mechanical aptitude•   Excellent verbal and written communications skills•   A true team player, with high integrity•   Computer competency with business software i.e. Excel, PowerPoint, Word•   Previous HVAC or sales counter experience preferred, but not required•   Capability to assist with warehouse duties including, but not limited to, forklift operation, loading / unloading of trucks, heavy lifting, shipping and receiving and UPS functions. Enjoy greater income directly tied to your efforts and an excellent personal benefits package, complete with 401k, medical and dental coverage, plus profit sharing as a member of the successful Habegger dealer support team. Visit www.Habeggercorp.com for more information.  EOE     
Title: Customer Service job in Glendale, OH. This position could be temporary to hire OR direct hire. Summary: We have a job opening for a Customer Service Professional in Glendale, OH. This position will be responsible for inbound customer service calls and answering customer questions. The Customer Service job duties and responsibilities include:  Process customer orders, changes, credits, rebates and returns according to established policyUnderstand the details of each to execute properlyExpedite and track shipmentsHandle customer inquiries by telephone, fax or emailCommunicate timely feedback to management regarding service issues or customer concernsProvide support to Sales Representatives, Product Managers and Plant Managers as appropriateProvide assistance when other CSR's are out of officeMUST HAVE SAP EXPERIENCE  Qualifications-(Education, Experience and Job Competency):  Minimum High School Diploma and two years of experience in customer serviceTwo year Associate degree in related field preferredPrior experience in Customer Service environmentMust be proficient in Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPointPrior experience with CRM desirableMust be detail oriented and results drivenExcellent written and verbal communication skillsWork well in a team environment  Hours: 11:00AM-8:00PM If you are interested in this Customer Service Job, please submit your resume for immediate consideration. Please register with us at www.ajilon.com to be considered for this and future available Customer Service jobs! Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled 
1st shift role, multiple positions availablePosition Description:Work with the Supplier Engagement Group team and Business Team in successfully ensuring that complete, correct Supplier item data is present in the MDM prior to its scheduled project cutover date. Utilize assorted tools to identify, contact and assist suppliers in the data migration process. Manage the workflow of pulling data from multiple systems, performing comparisons to detect discrepancies, working with applicable partners to determine the correct data and ensuring that corrected data is entered in the appropriate system. This role will work hand-in-hand with various members of the external suppliers and brokers to obtain complete, accurate item data and assure it is available when required.  Essential Job Functions:·       Supporting the Supplier over the phone and with email communication putting the customer/Supplier 1st·       Help the Supplier with the important company Attributes that need to be input into the company’s Vendor Item Portal ·       Collaborate with other Business team members to determine the specific supplier and IP GLN for each item and input that information into the SPIRIT tool, updating as necessary.·       Contact specific suppliers to encourage and assist them in all the steps of data migration, from company and contact identification through attribute alignment and data “go live.”·       Retrieve item data from the Spirit tool, Data Accuracy Scorecard, Vendor Item Portal and MDM.·       Perform detailed data comparisons to identify discrepancies or errors and determine their source.o   Communicate and collaborate with applicable data provider and ensure data is updated and corrected.o   Continue to perform comparisons until all item data is matched completely and correctly withinprojecttimelines.     Requirements:·       Excellent verbal and written communication skills·       Strong organizational and information research skills with exceptional attention to details·       Knowledge in data management·       Prior experience organizing data, formatting and using functions and formulas in Excel·       Prior experience with data entry and document uploading to a web browser·       Demonstrated ability to manage time efficiently; fast learner·       Skilled at working in teams/groups·       Phone skills Bonus Skills:·       Associate’s degree or related equivalent work experience·       Business Objects Desktop Intelligence experience·       Administrative experience ·       Experience with CPG products ·       Sales experience·       Excel Skills
What The Job Is AboutSales Support Representative position with a company that gives back. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.The Person We’re Looking ForEntry level and senior level applicant as well one who is service-minded and wants to help others, gain experience and earn they money they’re worth.Responsibilities- Support the needs of families in the community- Managing relationships with new and existing customers- Customer service and communicationWhat Qualifies You- High school diploma or equivalent- People-person that likes to help others- Excellent communication skills- Independent-minded & flexibleWho Is American Income?We are American Income Life Insurance Company. We are a significant provider of supplemental insurance and have been helping labor unions, credit unions and associations with their insurance coverage needs. We strive to make a difference in lives of people across the United States, Canada and New Zealand.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at www.ailcareers.com
We are looking to recruit a dedicated individual to fill a Customer Service Representative Job in Chicago, IL. We ask that you only consider applying for this role if you have extensive customer service experience, preferably in a call center setting. Experience working in the manufacturing industry is a major plus! Candidates must feel comfortable managing high call volumes in order to qualify for this position. We are excited to fill this position as soon as possible!  Responsibilities for the Customer Service Representative Job include:  Managing high call volumes (inbound/outbound) Maintaining accurate and update client files     Transferring calls as necessary   Following all customer service quality guidelines   Handling all escalated calls in a professional manner  Qualifications:  High School Degree 3-5 years of customer service experience Ability to manage high call volumes  Extensive experience working under pressure  If you are interested in applying for this Customer Service Representative Job in Chicago, IL or other customer service positions, please click “apply” below and/or visit our website at www.ajilon.com.    ;
What The Job Is AboutSales Support Representative position with a company that gives back. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.The Person We’re Looking ForEntry level and senior level applicant or applicant with business-to-business sales experience who wants to help people, gain experience and earn the money they’re worth.Responsibilities- Support the needs of working-class families - Establish new business relationships- Maintain existing relationships and provide ongoing serviceWhat Qualifies You- High school diploma or equivalent- People-person that likes to help others- Independent-minded & flexible- Excellent communication skillsWho Is Liberty National?We are Liberty National Life Insurance Company. We have been helping working-class people fulfill their benefit needs since 1900. That's over 100 years of making a difference in lives of people across the United States.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at www.lnlcareers.com
Associate Customer Business Manager Location:  Cincinnati, OH Job PurposeThe Inside Customer Business Manager provides proactive support for specific customers within an assigned segment, by calling on customers and managing all contracts for these assigned customers. This position ensures that we retain the business and maintain the customer revenue. Attendance is required for this position. Essential Functions• Proactively contacting a specific segment of customers to improve overall customer satisfaction (50%) • Interface w/customer to address support or administrative issues, including service installation, billing questions, handling outages, etc. (25%) • Find and hand off sales opportunities in order to sell products and services (15%) • Meet with manager/team/coaching and development; working effectively with support groups: maintaining timely and accurate information into SalesForce (10%)  EducationFour years of College resulting in a Bachelor's Degree or equivalent Experience/Background2 to 3 years’ experience Special Knowledge/Skills• Phone skills, knowledge of Cincinnati Bell systems, and communication skills • Inherent ability to close sales/negotiation skills/phone sales skills • Must have attention to detail and Business/professional writing skills • Working knowledge of Microsoft Office • Ability to work successfully in a team environment • Honesty & professionalism • Sense of urgency • Time management skills • Ability to learn and adapt to coaching & direction  Supervisory ResponsibilitiesNo Supervisory Responsibility Disability AccommodationsCincinnati Bell and Cincinnati Bell Technology Solutions is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and we provide reasonable accommodations for qualifying individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application and interview procedures. If you would like to request an ADA accommodation for any part of the application and/or interview process, please contact our HR Compliance Department at (513) 841-6310 or send an email to recruiting@cinbell.com If you should have any difficulty, you may use our alternative methods to express your interest in employment. A wonderful career awaits you!  We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
We are looking for career minded Account Representatives to join our growing marketing team that we can groom into a management role within four to eight months. We offer a competitive compensation package, excellent benefits and paid training from the ground up!We are a success promotional marketing company that has grown rapidly over the past three years. We apply a customer-friendly, direct, results-driven approach to our marketing and sales. Because of our proven success and expertise, we continue to obtain new clientele as we dramatically increase our clients' product exposure, sales and brand recognition. Entry Level Account Representatives should be comfortable with face to face sales with customers. Availability includes:- Advertising & Brand Exposure- Marketing & Account Satisfaction- Public Relations Associates- Assistant Management What Kellco Marketing has for you:- Rapid growth and advancement- Competitive compensation- Sales and marketing experience- Energetic and goal oriented team environment- Travel ExperienceRequirementsRequirementsAt a base level, Kellco Marketing trains Account Representatives to act as liaisons between clients and prospective customers in the Blue Ash,OH business market. On a management level, Territory Managers act as an advisory agent to marketing firms within the organization as well as prepares recently-promoted Managing Partners to oversee new markets and campaigns. Our plan is to double in size throughout 2016. We need goal oriented team members who have the entrepreneurial mind set to contribute to our growth. Responsibilities in this program include: - Sales/Marketing - Team Leadership - Sales Training - Human Resources - Marketing Strategies and Sales Techniques - Oversee Campaign Development - Manage Customer Service, Administration, and Sales PeopleWe provide full training for the right candidates. This position is paid on a combination of base, commission, and bonuses. No door to door sales or telemarketing are involved.
McCormick & Company, Incorporated, a global leader in flavor, is seeking a Customer Business Manager for its Consumer Products Division ( Eastern Region) This will be a work from home position in the Cincinnati,Ohio area.  With $4 billion in annual sales, the company manufactures markets and distributes spices, seasoning mixes, condiments and other flavorful products to the entire food industry – retail outlets, food manufacturers and foodservice businesses.  Every day, no matter where or what you eat, you can enjoy food flavored by McCormick.  McCormick Brings Passion to Flavor™.As an employer recognized for our exceptional commitment to employees, McCormick & Co., Inc. offers a wide variety of benefits, programs and services which address the needs of employees and their families.  McCormick’s benefits include, but are not limited to tuition assistance, medical & dental, disability, group life insurance, 401(k), paid holidays and vacations.   POSITION OVERVIEWThis Customer Business Manager II will be responsible for the achievement of strategic account OGSM’s including volume objectives, promotional execution, account level distribution targets, retail price management, and execution of retail controllables. RESPONSIBILITIESDeveloping and delivering customer plans to achieve objectives within budget, and short & long term solutions through best practice thought leadership.  Primary and day-to-day selling interface at customer HQ penetrating the highest level within the customer organization, including deal negotiations. Delivering creative solutions and thought leadership for both internal and external customers. Mentoring junior team members. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONSBachelors Degree in Business, Marketing, Management or related field 6 years Sales, Marketing or related experience with a minimum of 4 years experience successfully managing customer base Excellent verbal and written communication, negotiating and influencing, teamwork and relationship, strong computer and analytical skills Expert knowledge of procedures & concepts within the Sales function and basic knowledge in other areas, such as sales operations, supply chain, and marketing Working knowledge of deal economics and customer and business impacts Expert understanding of CPG industry sector and competitive landscape PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONSKnowledge of McCormick products and categories, mix & impact to profit, and awareness of store conditions and current & best practices within area  McCormick & Company is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
B2B Customer Service AssociateAre you customer-oriented with a thirst for providing excellent service? We have multiple openings for Customer Service Associate positions in a northern Kentucky location. This is a very team-oriented company that has some amazing pluses! Get company sponsored (and employer paid) benefits like Health, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, profit-sharing, PTO, paid holidays and 401k with a company match!Job Duties:Provide customer service support through a variety of channels including phone, e-mail and chat serviceSolve technical problems involving installation or assemblyDiagnose defective product and request replacementsPerform maintenance on customer accountsJob Requirements:2+ years of strong B2B Customer Service experienceExceptional verbal and written communication skillsStrong sense of pride in your customer service skillsPositive attitude toward serviceHigh aptitude for software (MS Excel & Word)High energy, go-getter attitudeAbility to multi-task effectively and prioritize work flow according to deadlines
Sales Management TraineeLooking to use your skills with an industry leader? In the Enterprise Management Training Program, you can use those talents on a daily basis as you interact and do business with customers and business partners alike. You’ll also be taught how to lead a sales team, be responsible for P&L, and develop a plan to grow the business – all while honing your management, customer service and communication skills. You’ll have real responsibility from day one in all aspects of the business. And with our performance-based promotions, you’ll have real opportunity as well. Join the company that has repeatedly been recognized as a great place to launch a career. This is where it all starts.Entry-Level Sales Management Training Program Opportunities at EnterpriseThe chance to run your own business and share in the profits you help createHighly marketable skills and training in business, management, marketing, sales and serviceRapid promotion based on performanceA fun, team-oriented work environmentDuring your first year, you'll learn valuable business skills from capable mentors who were once in your shoes. Nearly 100% of all our managers and corporate executives started out as Management Trainees and helped define their own career path that took them to where they are today. Day-to-day responsibilities include actively participating in everything from sales, marketing and customer service to operations and finance. As you progress, you’ll be evaluated every step of the way. And upon successful completion, you can expect rewards, pay increases and the opportunity for continued promotions. Thanks to our entrepreneurial philosophy, there’s absolutely nothing holding you back. Your own initiative and capabilities, coupled with your ability to think on your feet and market effectively, will dictate how fast you advance.Qualifications include: Must be at least 18 years oldBachelor's degree with a minimum of 6 months experience in at least two of the following areas:SalesCustomer ServiceLeadership/ManagementMust have a valid driver's license with no more than two moving violations and/or at fault accidents in the past 3 yearsNo DUI/DWI conviction on record in the past 5 yearsMust be authorized to work in the United States and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the futureEqual Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled
What The Job Is AboutSales Support Representative position with a company that gives back. Hands-on training, competitive compensation, performance awards and incentives.The Person We’re Looking ForEntry level and senior level applicant or applicant with business-to-business sales experience who wants to help people, gain experience and earn the money they’re worth.Responsibilities- Support the needs of working-class families - Establish new business relationships- Maintain existing relationships and provide ongoing serviceWhat Qualifies You- High school diploma or equivalent- People-person that likes to help others- Independent-minded & flexible- Excellent communication skillsWho Is Liberty National?We are Liberty National Life Insurance Company. We have been helping working-class people fulfill their benefit needs since 1900. That's over 100 years of making a difference in lives of people across the United States.Apply NowApply here and see success testimonials at www.lnlcareers.com
